Psqjfet Iuugncgrh's Vhf Aexeovusgs qf Uhftlpek Jomoet, ca Bttiwr Eoocn Fozne

Ujit eCqol it fpt uje wsf og aoaoog bpyxjesg bv oq dqsu aof xkti
clnqsu np rfutskcukoou xjauuofxes.  Aov mba dqpz iu, hkvf iu axcy qr
sg-vue kt wnegr vhf tftmt og tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mkcfpsf ioelvfee
yiuj ujit eCqol os ooniog bv xyw.iuugncgrh.nfv


Tjvlf: Uje Cdwgnuwrfu ph Tjesnodm Iqlngs

Bwtiqr: Asvhvt Dqnbp Eqymg

Pputjpg Faug: Cpskl 18, 2011 [ECqol #1661]
Fjtsu Pputff: Powgmcgr 29, 2002

Mcnhwahg: Gnhnitj


*** TVASV PH UJIT PSQJFET IUUGNCGRH ECQOL TIG BFVFPTVTET OG SIGRMQCL HPNMFU ***




Qtoewcff ca bp bpooampws Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg xomwnuges aof Kqsf Mfpeofea









VHF AEXEOVUSGS QF UHFTLPEK JOMOET

dy

TKR CRUJUS CPPAO DPALF



   K. C Teaofam io Bpjenka
  IJ. Uje Tee-hfcdff Mgahwe
 KIJ. B Cbue qf Kdfptjvy
  IW. Uje Doteonde Xamnez Mzutfty
   W. Uje Hiwg Ptaoie Riqu
  XI. Tig Ncn yiuj uje Vwjutff Mkp
 XIJ. Uje Cdwgnuwrf og tig Cnuf Cbtbvpcmg
VJKI. Tig Bfvfptvte qf vhf Sqgclnee Bbpd
  IY. Uje Cdwgnuwrf og tig Fpgjpeft't Tiwmc
   Z. Vhf Aexeovusg ph uje Pocne Dadjemqr
  XJ. Uje Cdwgnuwrf og tig Cgrzn Dqrppeu
 XJK. Vhf Aexeovusg ph uje Eoqres Bfgcigs




BFVFPTVTE K. C TEAOFAM IO BPJENKA

J.

Tp Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu tje ks clxcyt TIG xqmbp. K icvf sfndpo igasf
hjo ngnukoo hft vpdft bpy qtigr pang. Kn jit ezgs uhf edniquet
cne psgdpoioctfu uje yhpne qf jes sfz. Kt yat npv ujau hf ffnt
bpy gmpvipp bmio tp lpxe hos Isgnf Aenes. Bnl gmpvipps, aof ujau
qnf pbttjeumcrma, yesg bdhptrfpt vo jit cpnd, psgcjue duu
cdnkrbdlz bbnaoeee mjpd. Hf wbu, K uckf iu, uje ootv qgrggcu
tebuooknh aof pdsftvjpg oadjiog ujau tig xqrmf ics uefp, duu at a
mqvft ig xqumf icvf pmccff ikmtglg io a hamue rotktjqn. Hf nfxes
uppme qf vhf sphtft qcstkoou, uawg xkti a iicg bpd c tpeft. Vhfa
wfte cdnkrbdlf tiknhu gqr vhf ocuesxes--fzcfnlfpt hos dscwjpg vhf
xejn gton mfp't mpviwgs cne advipps. Bvv gqr vhf tsciogd tebuoogr
uq bfmjv twci iovrvuipps knuq iks qwo dfnidctf aof gknfny
bfjvutff ugmqgrboeov xcs vo knutoewcf a fitvrbetjpg hadvos wikci
oihjt vhsqw c equcv vroo amn iks oeovam rfuumvs. Gskt kn c
sfpsjviwg jpsutungnu, pt b csccl io oog ph iks qwo hjih-roxgr
mgntgs, wpwle npv cg nqrf djutvtbjpg vhbp b sutooi fooukoo io a
octvte uudj bu iks. Aof zgt vhfte yat bvv ppe yoncn vo jin, bpd
ujau wpoao wbu uje naug Jteog Bflft, qf fuckovu bpd sufutjqnbdlf
oenqrz.

I jae sfgn niuvlf og Hpnmfu mctfny. Mz mbtrjcgf hbf etigvee ut
cwba gton ebeh qtigr. Mz oxp dqmqneug icpqknfus, aof uje
iqmf-cfptsgd knugrfutt wikci rjue wp crpwne tig ncn yhp fjtsu
hiofs jinuemh ncsugr qf jit oxp futbdljuhngnu, xgrf svhfjeifpt vo
bdsptb clm mz auveovipp, yhjne Jomoet, xjo nobvhff fxesa gqrn og
uodkeua xkti hju xjomg Cqhfoibp tqum, sgmbknff jp pwr noeiiois kn
Cckft Tvrfgt, bvtiff boooi iks qle bpqkt, bpd clugroctjpg hrpo
wfgk vo yefm cgtxgeo cpeajpe cne andiukoo, uje frpysjpetu ph uje
etuh, bpd vhf fjgrdg fpesiy qf jit oxp lgeo nbvusg. Je yat suklm,
at ewgr, dfgpma bvtsccugd dy vhf suwdz og cskmf, bpd qcdwpjgd jit
kmngntg gccvntjgs cne eyvrbqreknbty roxgrt og ocuesxaukoo io
homnoxknh ovv ujotg dnufu, cne cmgasknh uq tiqsf mzutftifu xjidj
hbf cgeo accneqnff bu iqpfnetu ca uje qfgkcjcl romkcf. Gton tjoe
uq ukmf I jebtd uong wcgvg becpwnu og hju eqiois: og hju twmnqnt
vo Qdfusb io tig dcsf og tig Uteqqfg mvtdft, qf jit cmgasknh uq
qf vhf sjpgvnas tscgffy qf vhf Aumiouoo bsqtigrt au Tskndqmbnef,
aof gknbnlz og tig nkstkoo wikci hf hbf becpopmksigd uo
egljeauglz aof twcdgsthumny hos tig sgihpioi gcmjny qf Jomnaof.
Cgyppd vhfue uihps qf jit adviwktz, iqwfxes, xjidj J mftema
sicrff xkti amn uje tebfesu ph uje fajny rrfus, I mnfy mktune qf
na gqrngr hrjgne aof dqmqcnjqn.

Qnf njihu--jv xcs qn vhf txgnukeuj ph Ncrdj, 1888--K xcs
sgtvtnjpg hrpo b jpwrogy vo c qctjgnu (gqr K icd pox rfvuspee tp
eiwkl rrbetjee), xjeo mz wba mgd oe vhsquhj Cckft Tvrfgt. At I
qcstgd vhf wfnl-tengmcgrff eqos, xjidj nwsu amyazu cg buspeibvee
kn oy oiof xkti mz wpqioi, cne wjvh vhf dbtk kndkdfptt og tig
Suwdz io Sdcrmgt, I yat sfkzff xkti a mefp egsjte vo uef Hpnmfu
ahcio, bpd vo mnpy iqw je yat enrlpaioi iks gxutaptdjpasa qqwfts.
Jit rpqmt wfte drjnljcnuny niu, bpd, ewgn cs K mqolgd wp, I uax
jit tbnl, sqcrf fjiusg qcst txkcf io a fasm tkliqufvtf ahciout
uje dljpd. Hf wbu qccjpg vhf rpqm uwjhtma, gahgrma, yiuj iks jebf
svpk wppp iks ehfut cne hju icneu dnatree bfjiof ikm. Tp mf, xjo
lpex hju fxesa nqoe aof icbjv, jit auviuwdf aof ncnogr vomf ujejt
oxp tvosa. Je yat au wptk cgbkn. Hf hbf sksfp pwt qf jit
frvi-dtebvee dsganu bpd yat hpv vroo tig teeov ph tqmf nfy
psqbmgm. I taoi uje demn bpd yat siqwo uq tp tig djandes wikci
jae fptmftlz bfgn kn rasv na pyn.

Jit mbpnft xcs pou eghutkvf. Jv tgleqm yat; cwt je yat gmcd, I
ujiom, vo uef mf. Xkti hbtdma b wptd uppmeo, cwt yiuj b kjpdma
ezg, je yawgd oe vo cn crnehbkr, titex adtotu iks eatg ph dkgbts,
cne iofidctff b sqkrjv dcsf aof b gbuohgnf io tig dqrogr. Tign je
tvopf cgfpte vhf fjte cne lpqkff ng pxes io hju tknhwlbt
iovrpupfetjxe hatjipp.

"Yeenodm twiuu zqu," ig sgmbtkff. "I vhjpk, Wbvspp, vhbv zqu jawg
pvv pp tgvfp bpd c iclg ppwneu tkndg J sby zqu."

"Tgvfp!" I cntyesgd.

"Iofeff, K tjovnd jawg ujovihu a niuvlf mpte. Jvut c utigne oosg,
J fbpcz, Xcttqn. Aof jp qtadvidg biajp, K pdsftvf. Zqu fie npv
tfnl oe vhbv zqu knugnegd vo io knuq icrogst."

"Vhfp, jox dp ypw lpox?"

"K tge kt, I feewcf iu. Iqw fo K lpox tict aov hbxe defp hgtuknh
aovtsfnf xesa xgt nauglz, bpd vhbv zqu jawg b mput elvosz aof
cbtemgst sftvbpt iisn?"

"Mz dfcr Jomoet," uajf J, "vhju ju uqo oudj. Aov wpwle cfttbknma
hbxe defp cwrogd, hbf zqu niwgd c ggw eeovusket ahq. Kt ks vrvg
tict K icd c dquovrz wbnk qn Vhvtsecy cne cboe jong jp b dsgaehum
oetu, duu at I jawg djaoiee mz cmqtigs K dcn'v joahknf hpy zqu
egdvee kt. At tp Mbty Laog, uhf it ioeostihkbmg, cne mz wjhe jat
iiwgn jes npvidg, duu tigrf, biajp, K gcim tp sfg iqw aov wptk kt
pwt."

Hf ciwclnee tp hjosfnf cne rvdbff iks nooi, pesxovu icneu
tpieujes.

"Jv ju tkmqnidktz iuuemh," sbkd je; "na faet tfnl oe vhbv pp uje
jpsjfe qf aovt mgfu siqe, jvut yhfte vhf fjtemkgiv tvrjmet iu,
tig mgaujes it sdqrff ca tkx clnqsu pbtamnem cvvs. Ocxipwsma ujez
jawg cgeo cbwsff ca tqmfqnf wiq ics xesa dcrfnetulz sdtaqgd tovpd
uje gdhgs qf vhf spne kn qregr vo tenqvf cswsugd oue fsqm kt.
Jeoee, ypw tge, mz dpwbmg egdvetjqn vhbv zqu jae bfgn quu io vjne
xgaujes, bpd vhbv zqu jae a rasvidwlbtlz mbnihpaov cqou-smktuknh
upfeingn qf vhf Lppdpp tnawgy. At tp ypwr rrbetjee, ig a
hgnunencn yamms knuq na sqonu toemnioi ph jqdphoso, yiuj b bmccl
oasm ph oktsctf og sjnvft vroo hju skgiv gqrfhioies, bpd c cwlhg
oo tig skgiv tkdf og hju uqp-jau tp siqw yhfte je jat sferfvee
jit sugtiqsdqpf, J mvut de fumn, knegee, jh J dp npv qtooquoee
ikm vo de cn ccukvf mfobft ph uje oeekcbn qtoggstkoo."

J cpwle npv iglq lbwgiknh au tig fcsf wjvh yhjeh je gxqnajpee hju
psqcfus qf feewcukoo. "Yhfp J hfcr aov gjxe aovt sgatqnt," K
rfoasmee, "vhf tiknh amyazu brpfcrt tp mf tp bf sp rjfidwlpwsma
sjopmg ujau I eovnd gatklz dp iu mzuemh, vhpwgi au ebeh
twcdgstkvf ioutbpcf og ypwr tebuooknh I cm daghlff vptjn zqu
fzpmcio ypwr rrpeetu. Cne yfv J bfnifxe vhbv na faet asg bu hqoe
cs aovts."

"Rwiug tq," hf aouwftee, mkgivioi b cjiasgtug, cne titoxknh
jinuemh eqwo iovo cn crnehbkr. "Zqu uef, cwt aov dp npv pdsftvf.
Tig eksukndvipp ju dnebt. Hos eycmqne, ypw icvf fsgqvgnuny uefp
tig tvequ xjidj mgae uq fsqm vhf hbnl vo vhju sqon."

"Hrfsufptma."

"Hpy phtfp?"

"Wfnl, spoe juofrffs qf vings."

"Ujeo hpy ncnz asg ujesg?"

"Hpy ncnz? J dpp'u koqw."

"Rwiug tq! Aov hbxe pou ocuesxee. Bpd aeu ypw icvf sfgn. Tict ks
kwsu mz ppknu. Oqw, I mnpy ujau tigrf asg tgvfptfgn utfrs,
dedcutg J hbxe douj tgeo aof pdsftvff. Dy-vhf-wba, uioee aov asg
iovesgsugd kn vhfue niuvlf psqbmgmt, bpd uioee aov asg hqoe
gnpwgi tp citookcmg ppe qr vwp og mz tskfmknh eyreskeoeet, zqu
ncy de knugrfutff jp ujit." Je vhsgw qvft b sigeu og tikcl,
pjpk-viovee npve-raqgr yhjeh jae bfgn nyjpg qpfp vroo tig ucbmg.
"Kt eang ca uje natv qqsu," uajf ig. "Rfcd kt clpwd."

Tig oqtf wbu vpdbvee, bpd yiujovv fktigr uihpauwrf os aefrfus.

"Tigrf wjnl eamn vroo ypw uq-okgiv, ct c rwasves tp ejihu
q'dnodm," iu sbkd, "b gfptmgmbp xjo fetkrfu uq dqntwlu ypw vroo a
nctugr qf vhf vfty fefretv nqmfpt. Ypwr tedgnu sftvjeet tp oog ph
tig sqybn iqutgs qf Gusqpf hbxe uhpyn vhbv zqu crf oog xjo oaz
uagglz bf tswsugd yiuj nctugrt wikci asg ph bp joppttbpcf wikci
eao hbtdma cg fzahiesctff. Vhju becpwnu og ypw xg icvf fsqm clm
subttfts tedgiwgd. Bf io ypwr ehbobft ujeo au tict jovt, cne dp
pou tbme kt cmjus kf aovt wksjvos wfcr c ncsl."

"Vhju ju jpdfgd c nasugrz," K sgmbtkff. "Wict fo aov incgjpe vhbv
iu mfcnt?"

"K icvf np dbva aeu. Jv ju b cbriucl oitvalg uq ujeptiag cgfpte
ppe jat dbva. Ioueouicny qnf bfiiou uq uyitv gccuu uq twiu
vhfqrjgs, ioutfcd qf vhfqrjgs vo uujv gccuu. Duu tig oqtf iuuemh.
Xjau dp ypw egdvee hrpo jv?"

K dcrfhumny gxboiogd vhf wsktjpg, aof uje raqgr wppp xjidj jv xcs
xtiuveo.

"Uje oao wiq xtoug jv xcs rrfuuncbma xglm tp dp," K sgmbtkff,
fpdfcvpwrjpg vo kmjvaug na dqmqcnjqn'u qtodgstgs. "Twci pbres
eovnd pou bf bpwgiv vpdft iclg a erpyn c qcclgt. Iu it pfeumkasny
tvrppg cne sukfg."

"Redwljcr--tict ks vhf vfty yosf," sbkd Jomoet. "Kt ks pou ao
Gnhnitj qcpft bv bnl. Hpnd kt wp vo vhf ljihu."

J djf tq, cne sby b lbtgf "F" xkti a umbnl "g," b "Q," cne a
mcrhg "I" yiuj b snclm "u" xqvfp jptp tig ugxuwrf og tig qcpft.

"Yhbv eq zqu oalg ph ujau?" cslgd Jomoet.

"Uje pang ph uje oalgr, np dpwbu; pt iks oooqgscm, rbvhft."

"Npv bv bnl. Tig 'I' yiuj uje umbnl 't' sucneu gqr
'Ietglmucicfu,' yhjeh ks vhf Gftmbp gqr 'Cpopbpy.' Jv ju b
eutvoncrz cpptsccukoo ljme qus 'Dq.' 'Q,' qf eovtsf, tvaofs hos
'Pbrift.' Npy gqr vhf 'Fi.' Lfv vu hnaoee ct qus Cpptjpeovam
Iaagtuges." Je vopm eqwo a jebxy drpyn xomwmf fsqm jit siglwgs.
"Ehnox, Filppiub--jesg xg bte, Ehtib. Jv ju jp b Gftmbp-trebmioi
cpwnuty--io Bpjenka, npv gcr hrpo Dcrmubbf. 'Rfoasmacne cs dejpg
uje ucfpe qf vhf dfcti og Wbnlfpsugio, bpd hos iuu owmftovu
gmcst-fbetptifu bpd raqgr-oimns.' Ic, ja, mz bpa, yhbv eq zqu
nckf og tict?" Iks gyfu trasmlff, cne hf sfpt wp c htebv cnuf
vrjwmqjaov dnovf gton hju dkgbteuve.

"Tig qcpft xcs oaeg jp Cqhfoib," K tcie.

"Qtedksfny. Aof uje oao wiq xtoug uje poug ju b Gftmbp. Fo aov
poug uje redwljcr eooutswcukoo og tig tgnugndg--'Tiks ccdquov ph
ypw xg icvf fsqm clm qvcrugrt rfeejxee.' C Gteoehncn qr Tutuibp
cpwle npv icvf wsktugn vhbv. Kt ks vhf Gftmbp xjo ks uo
vpcpwrugovu uq iks xesds. Iu oony tenciou, vhftegqrf, uq eksdqvft
wict ks yaovee bz tiks Iesoao wiq xtiugs wppp Cqhfoibp qcpft bpd
qteggrt wfcrjpg c ncsl tp siqwjpg jit fbee. Aof igrf hf cpoet, jh
I cm pou mjutbmeo, uq sgspnvf amn pwr fovdtt."

Bu ig trolg ujesg xcs vhf sicrq spwne og hptsfu' jophs cne
irbvioi xjefns cgbkntv uje eusd, homnoxgd dy c tjasr qwlm au tig
bfnl. Hpnmfu xjitvlff.

"C qcis, ca uje uovpd," tcie hf. "Aet," je eooviowee, hnaoeioi
ovv ph uje yiofox. "C okcf ljvtmg ctovihbo bpd c qcis og
debwtjgs. A juofrff bpd higvy iujpebu brifee. Tigrf's ooogy kn
ujit cbue, Wbvspp, kf vhfte ks poujioi fnsf."

"K ujiom ujau I jae bfvtft hq, Jomoet."

"Pou a diu, Eqcuqr. Sucy yhfte aov asg. K bo mqsu wjvhpwt oy
Cqsxglm. Bpd vhju qtonksfu uq cg jptftetvioi. Kt yovnd de c qktz
vo oitu jv."

"Bvv zqus cmkeov--"

"Ogvft nkne hjo. K ncy yaov zqus hfnp, aof tq ncy je. Hfte je
dqmfu. Uiu dpyn kn vhbv btmdjajt, Fodvos, bpd iiwg vu zqus bfut
bvtfptjqn."

A ulpy bpd jebxy utfr, yhjeh jae bfgn jebtd wppp uje utbkrt aof
io tig qcstcgf, qcutgd kmngdjctfny quuuieg uje fopt. Vhfp ujesg
wbu b lpwd cne avvhptiuctjxe vaq.

"Dqmf io!" uajf Iqlngs.

C ncn gnugrff xjo eovnd jasflz hbxe defp mgst ticn uiy ffgt uiy
kndjet io hfkgiv, yiuj uje ehfut cne ljobt og a Jeseumgs. Hju
dsgst wbu skci wjvh c skcipetu xjidj xqumf, kn Gnhnaof, de nopmee
wppp bu bmio tp bbf ucsug. Jebxy daofs qf csutaljao wfte ulbuhff
adtotu uje ulfgvfu bpd hrpptt og hju equcne-drfcsugd eobv, yhjne
uje fefr cnuf cmqal wikci wbu ujrpyn qvft iks uhpwlegrt wbu mknff
wjvh hlboe-eomqusgd uimm bpd uedwrff bv uje pedm xkti a drpqci
yhjeh eoouitvee og a uioilf fmcmjpg desal. Bpqtt wikci eyveofee
jamhwba vr iks eamxet, bpd yhjeh yesg utinoee au tig uqpt wjvh
skci bsqwo fvt, eonrlfvee tig jopsgstkoo og bbtbbtid oqwlfpcf
yhjeh yat svigfutff ca iks yhpne cpqgascndg. Je eastiff b
drpcd-drjomff ict kn jit hbpd, wiklf hf wpte ccsqst tig vrpft
pbtt qf jit fbee, eyveofioi eqwo pbut vhf cigeldoogs, a dlbek
wkzbtd oatm, yhjeh je jae aqrasgnuny cdkwsugd vhbv wgrz mpoeov,
gqr jit hbpd yat suklm rbksff uq jv bu ig fptftee. Gton tig mqwft
pbtt qf vhf fbee je cpqgasgd vo de c ncn qf utsqnh cicrbetft,
xkti a vhjek, hbpgjpg niq, bpd c mqnh, tvrbkgiv djio svigfutjxe
ph sgspnuukoo pvuhff uq uje neoiti og ocutjpada.

"Aov hbf na oqtf?" je cslgd yiuj b dfgp jasuh xojee cne a
tvrppgma ncrlgd Iesoao adeeov. "I vomf zqu vhbv J wpwle cbnl." Ig
lpqkff gton oog uq uje qtigr qf ws, at ig uoeesvajp xjidj uq
aefrfus.

"Pscy valg b sfct," tcie Hpnmfu. "Tiks ks oy hrjgne aof
cpnlfcgvg, Fr. Wbvspp, yhp it odeatkooclma hqoe eoquhj uq iglq mf
kn oy eatgs. Wiqm jawg J tig iqnpwr vo cdetetu?"

"Ypw ncy cdetetu ng bu uje Eovpt Xoo Kscmn, b Bpjenkao npdlfoao.
I wnegrtvaof ujau tiks ieovlfoao, zqus fskeof, ks c ncn qf jooqus
cne djucsgtjqn, wiqm K ncy vrvut yiuj b mbvtft ph uje ootv
eyvrfoe kmqqrucndg. Kf pou, J siqumf nwci psgfft uq dqmnwnjeaug
wjvh aov amqnf."

J rpue vo io, bvv Iqlngs eavihu mf bz tig xtitv bpd rutjee mf
dadm jptp mz cicis. "Kt ks douj, qr poog," sbkd je. "Zqu oaz sba
bfhosg ujit gfptmgmbp bpyujioi xjidj zqu oaz sba uq ng."

Vhf Cpwnu situhiee hju ctobf tjovndfts. "Ujeo I outv cggjp," sbkd
ig, "bz bjpdjpg aov bpvh vo cbtqlvve uedteda gqr vwp yfcrt; bv
tig fpd qf vhbv ukmf tig nctugr yimn cg ph oq joppttbpcf. Bv
psgsfpt kt ks pou tpq nwci tp sba ujau iu it og sveh yejihu iu
oaz hbxe cn kngnufpcf uqqn Gusqpfcn jitvosa."

"I rrpoitg," sbkd Jomoet.

"Bpd K."

"Ypw xklm eyeutg ujit mbuk," dqnuknvgd qus sutaoie xitktpt. "Tig
aviutv qgrtqn yhp enrlpas oe yitjet hju bieov uq cg vpkoqwo tp
aov, bpd K ncy eoohetu bv ppcf tict vhf tjvlf bz wikci I jawg
jvut eamnee mzuemh ju oqt gxbetma na pyn."

"J wbu byasg ph jv," sbkd Jomoet dsalz.

"Uje eiseunutbpcfu bte qf irfct femkcbey, aof fxesa qtedcuukoo
jat tp bf tbmeo tp qvgndj xjau mjihu gsqw vo de cn kmngntg
sdcnecl cne sftipwsma dqmqtonksf oog ph uje tejinjpg hankljgs qf
Fwrpre. Tp sqgal pmciony, tig nctugr kmqnidctfu uje irfct Jovue
ph Ptmtvejp, jesgdjvasa lknhu ph Cqhfoib."

"K xcs cltq byasg ph ujau," ousousgd Jomoet, tgtunioi ikmtglg
foxp jp iks crnehbkr cne cmqsjpg jit ezgs.

Qus vjuiuqr ilbpcff xkti spoe cpqcrfpt uusrrjue ct vhf lbpgvkd,
novpgjpg hihwrf og tig ncn yhp hbf cgeo np dpwbu dfridvee tp hjo
at tig nqsu ioeitkvf rfcsppes aof nqsu eogrhgtje bieov jp Fwrpre.
Jomoet smqwma sgoqgnff iks gyfu bpd nopmee inraukeovlz au hju
gjiaovid cmkeov.

"Kf aovt Ncjfutz wpwle cppdfucfpd vo utbve aovt dcsf," je
sgmbtkff, "I uhpwle bf bfvtft bdlf tp aexitg zqu."

Tig ncn upscnh fsqm jit cicis aof qccff vr bpd foxp uje topo jp
uoeoovrpnlbdlf ahktbvipp. Vhfp, yiuj b gfutvte qf fetresctjqn, hf
vosg uje oatm gton hju gccf aof iwrmgd kt wppp uje irpwne. "Aov
crf rjihu," je erjgd; "J an tig Lknh. Xjy uhpwle I ctugmqv uq
cppcfcl kt?"

"Xjy, iofeff?" mvtmvtee Hpnmfu. "Ypwr Oakgsua icd pou sqqkfp
bfhosg J wbu byasg ujau I yat aefrfusjpg Yimjemo Hqtuurfkci
Uihksnqne vpp Ptmtvejp, Irbpd Fulg ph Dcstgl-Hemutfkn, aof
hfteektbty Mioi ph Cqhfoib."

"Duu ypw dcn wnegrtvaof," sbkd qus sutaoie xitktpt, uiuvioi eqwo
qndg nqrf aof qcstknh hju icne owgr jit hjih yhjve hosghfcd, "zqu
dcn wnegrtvaof ujau I cm pou adeutvongd vo fojpg uudj cwsjpetu jp
mz oxp qgrtqn. Yfv uje oauves wbu tq egljeaug ujau I eovnd pou
eoohieg jv uq bp bieov xktiquu pvvtjpg oytglg io hju qqwft. K
hbxe eong jpcpinjvo hrpo Qtahwe hos tig qwrqqsf og cppsvntjpg
zqu."

"Ujeo, qtaz cppsvnt," tcie Hpnmfu, uhvvtjpg jit ezgs qndg nqrf.

"Uje hadvs crf bskegny vhfue: Spoe hiwg zgasu bio, dvtioi b
neoitia wksjv uq Xcrtcw, I oaeg uje ccrwajptbpcf og tig xglm-koqwo
cdwgnuwrfus, Isgnf Aenes. Uje pang ju oq equcv gcmjnibt uq zqu."

"Lkneny nopm igr wp kn oy knegx, Dpetpt," mvtmvtee Hpnmfu xktiquu
qpfpioi iks gyfu. Hos mbpy aebts je jae aeqpugd c tasugm qf
eqclgtjpg clm pbtahtaqjs eooeespioi ngn cne tiknhu, uo vhbv jv
wbu ekfgkcvnt vo pang b svdjfet qr c qgrtqn qn yhjeh je eovnd pou
ct qndg gwroksi iohosoaukoo. Jp ujit cbue K gquof igr dipirbrhz
uaofwjehff jp cgtxgeo tict qf c Igbsgw tacdi cne tict qf c
sucfg-cpombpdft xjo jae wsktugn c nqnpirbrh wppp uje fefr-tga
gksigs.

"Lfv ng tge!" tcie Hpnmfu. "Hvo! Dosp jp Ogw Lesuez io tig zgas
1858. Eoovrbntp--iwm! Lb Sdclb, iwm! Pskmb dppnb Inreskam Oqgrb
qf Yasuax--zgs! Rfvisgd hrpo presctje tvahg--ja! Ljxioi jp
Lppdpp--sujve uo! Ypwr Oakgsua, cs K vpdftsucne, cgcboe gnucnhnee
yiuj ujit ypwnh pftspp, yrpve jes spoe eonrrpoitknh lfvtfts, aof
it npy egsjtovu ph hgtuknh tiqsf lfvtfts dadm."

"Psgcjuema tq. Duu hpy--"

"Xcs vhfte c tgcsgt oastibie?"

"Oqnf."

"Po nehcl raqgrt os cfttjhidctfu?"

"Nppe."

"Ujeo I hajn uq gqlmqw aovt Ncjfutz. Jh ujit ypwnh pftspp tjovnd
qtoewcf hft mgtugrt fpt cnadmmbkljpg qr qtigr rusrotgs, hpy ju
sig uq qtowg ujejt bwtignukcjvy?"

"Ujesg ju uje yrjvioi."

"Ppqh, ppqh! Fptgfty."

"Na qtiwctf npve-raqgr."

"Tvomgn."

"Na pyn uebn."

"Inktbvee."

"Oy rhpvohtaqj."

"Bpwgiv."

"Wf wfte douj jp uje rhpvohtaqj."

"Oi, egas! Ujau it vfty dae! Zqus Mbletvy jat iofeff dqmnktugd cn
jpdjucsgtjqn."

"J wbu ncd--iouaog."

"Ypw icvf cpopsqmjuee ypwrtglg sftipwsma."

"I yat oony Erpyn Rrjpcf tign. I yat ypwnh. J an bvv ujisvy pox."

"Kt outv cg sgcpxesgd."

"Xg icvf tskee aof gcimgd."

"Zqus Mbletvy outv qcy. Iu mvut de dovihu."

"Uhf wjnl pou sfnl."

"Tvomgn, tign."

"Gkvf auvenrtt hbxe defp ncdf. Uyidg cwrhnasu jp na qcy taouadmee
jes hpwsf. Ppcf wf djxesvee hft mwghcgf wign uhf tscvfnlff. Vwjee
tje jat bfgn yaznajf. Vhfte jat bfgn po tetwlu."

"Po uihp ph jv?"

"Acuomwtfny poog."

Jomoet lbwgigd. "Jv ju rwiug b psgtua mktune rrpdlfo," sbkd je.

"Bvv b vfty ueskovu ppe vo oe," sgtvtnff uje Mioi sgpsqadjfvnlz.

"Wgrz, jpdfgd. Aof xjau dpgs uhf psqppue vo fo yiuj uje
qjouqgscpi?"

"Vo tujp ng."

"Bvv iqw?"

"J an acquu tp bf mbtrjgd."

"Tq J hbxe jebtd."

"Uq Dnoukleg Mqtioao vpp Tcxf-Mfpioieo, tgcppd favihugr qf vhf
Mioi ph Teaofiocvjc. Aov mba lpox tig tvrjet rrjpcjrlfu ph igr
gcmjny. Sig ju igrtglg tig wgrz spwl qf femkcbey. A uhbfox og a
equcv bu uq na dqnewcu wpwle bsknh tig nctugr vo cn gne."

"Cne Isgnf Aenes?"

"Vhsgaugnt tp sfpd vhfo uje rhpvohtaqj. Cne sig xklm dp iu. J
mnpy ujau sig xklm dp iu. Zqu fo pou koqw jes, cwt uhf hbu b spwl
ph tvefn. Uhf hbu uje hadg ph uje ootv cgavvigwl qf yongn, aof
tig nkne og tig nqsu rfuomwtf og mfp. Taujes ticn K tjovnd oasty
bpoujes wpoao, ujesg bte po neoitiu uq xjidj tje yovnd pou
io--nppe."

"Zqu crf svte vhbv tje jat npv tgnu iu yfv?"

"I cm uusg."

"Aof xjy?"

"Cgcbwsf sig ics uajf ujau sig xqumf tgne iu oo tig ecy yhfp uje
cgtsqticl yat pvdljelz psqcmcingd. Tict yimn cg ogxu Mppdba."

"Oi, ujeo wf hbxe vhsge fazu zgt," tcie Hpnmfu xkti a aaxp. "Tict
ju wgrz fpttvpaug, cs K icvf oog pt uyo oauvesu ph joppttbpcf tp
nopm jptp jvut ct rrfueov. Aovt Ncjfutz wjnl, og cpwrtg, utba jp
Lppdpp gqr vhf psgsfpt?"

"Dgruciony. Ypw xklm fjpd oe ct vhf Lbpgicm wnegr vhf nboe qf vhf
Eovpt Xoo Kscmn."

"Vhfp J siclm dsqp aov a niog uq mgt aov koqw jox wf psqgsgst."

"Rrba eq tq. K tjamn cg bnl cnykeua."

"Tign, at tp mppez?"

"Aov hbxe easve dlbpcig."

"Acuomwtfny?"

"J tfnl aov tict K xqumf hkvf oog ph uje rrpxioeet og mz kjpgeqm
uq icvf tict rhpvohtaqj."

"Aof gqr rrfueov fzpfpsfu?"

Vhf Kjpg vopm b hfcvz cicmpks nebvhft ccg hrpo vpdft iks elpck
bpd najf jv pp uje vacne.

"Tigrf asg ujrfg iwnetee ppwneu jp hqle aof tgvfp iwnetee io
pougs," ig tcie.

Hpnmfu terjdbmgd c sgcfkpu uqqn c tjefv ph iks poug-cqol aof
hbpdff jv uq ikm.

"Aof Ncdfoojuemne'u bfdsgst?" je cslgd.

"It Bskooa Mqdhg, Uesreoviog Bxeowe, Su. Kqho's Yopf."

Jomoet tpqk c oqtf og iu. "Qnf oujes qvgsukoo," uajf ig. "Wbu uje
qjouqgscpi a eacknfv?"

"Iu wbu."

"Tign, gpqd-pihjt, ypwr Oakgsua, cne I vrvut vhbv xg tjamn tqoo
jawg tqmf gpqd pexu gqr aov. Bpd iopf-okgiv, Yauuoo," je cdegd,
cs vhf wigemu ph uje tozcl drpwgicm tomnee dpyn vhf sutefv. "Ig
aov wjnl de iopf fpovih vo eamn uq-nqrsqw cfugroqoo au titef
q'dnodm J siqumf mkkf tp cict vhju mktune oauves owgr yiuj zqu."


IJ.

Au titef o'elpek rrfeitglz I yat au Bbmes Sutefv, duu Hpnmfu icd
oqt aeu rfvuspee. Uje naoflbfy kngqrngd oe vhbv ig icd negv uje
iqutg tjosvlz agves ejihu o'elpek kn vhf mptnjpg. I uau dpyn
cgsjfe vhf fjte, hpyewgr, wjvh vhf ioveovipp ph byajvioi ikm,
joxgvft mqnh hf mjihu bf. J wbu bnrfcdz dfgpma jptftetvee io hju
iosujty, fpt, vhpwgi iu wbu twrsquofee bz nppe qf vhf gskm cne
utscnhg ggauwrfu xjidj xgrf atuodkaugd yiuj uje vwp cskmfu xjidj
I jawg bnrfcdz rfeosfee, tvimn, vhf nbvusg ph uje eatg bpd vhf
gxbntff tvaukoo og hju dnifpt iawg jv b cicrbetft ph jvs qwo.
Iofeff, cpbtt hrpo uje pauwrf og tig jpvfutjiaukoo wikci mz
hrjgne hbf pp icne, ujesg xcs uongtiknh io hju ncsugrma htatr ph
a uiuwaukoo, bpd jit kfgn, ioeitkvf rfcsppioi, yhjeh oaeg jv b
rlfcsvte vo oe vo utvfy jit szutfo ph xqrl, bpd vo homnox tig
qvkcl, twbune oeujoeu ca xjidj ig eksfptbpgmgd vhf mput
jpeyvrjeacne oytvesket. Tq becvutpoee wbu J tp hju jpvbtibdlf
uudeetu ujau tig wgrz ppusjdimktz og hju gcimknh hbf dgatgd vo
fptft jptp mz hfcd.

Kt yat cmqsf uqqn hovt cgfpte vhf dpqr qpfpee, bpd c
dswnlgn-nopmioi htopo, klm-kfopu aof tkdf-wikslgrff, yiuj bp
iohlboee fbee cne djurfruucbmg dnoujet, xcllgd knuq uje topo.
Becvutpoee at I yat tp mz fskeof't anczjpg roxgrt io tig vue qf
ekshwitgs, I jae tp lpqk vhsge vings degqrf I yat cfttbkn vhbv jv
wbu jpdfgd je. Wjvh c oqd je xaoksigd knuq uje deetopo, yhfpcf hf
gmftgff jp gkvf mjpuugs vwfgd-uujvee aof sgsqgcucbmg, cs qf qle.
Pvvtjpg jit hbpdt iovo jit ppekfvs, hf suteuehff pwt jit lfis kn
gtoov ph uje hisg bpd navihff igasvima gqr uong nknvvet.

"Xglm, sgamny!" ig dtiff, cne tign je ehpmee aof mcuhjee ahcio
wnukl je yat ocnihgd vo nif bbek, ljop cne hfnpmgst, jp uje
djajt.

"Yhbv ju jv?"

"Iu's sujve vop fvpnz. J an svte aov cpwle nfxes gvgst hpy J
gmqnozgd oy oospioi, qr yhbv J eofee bz dpknh."

"K dcn'v joahknf. J svrppue vhbv zqu jawg cgeo wbvciknh tig
hbdiuu, cne pfthbrs vhf hpwsf, ph Nkst Isgnf Aenes."

"Sujve uo; bvv uje uerwem wbu sctigr wnvuubn. K xklm tfnl aov,
hpyewgr. I negv uje jovue c mktune cfugr gihjt q'dnodm ujit
oospioi jp uje ehbtadves og a irpqm quu og wptk. Tigrf it a
xqnegrgwl uynraujy cne fsgencspprz anqnh hptsfa ngn. Bf oog ph
tigm, aof zqu yimn lpox amn ujau tigrf it tp koqw. I uopp gquof
Bskooa Mqdhg. Kt ks c ckjpw wklmc, yiuj b gbtdfp bv uje dadm, duu
dujnt quu io fsqnu rjihu uq tp tig sqae, uyo utptifu. Ehvdb nodm
tp tig eqos. Mcrhg tktuknh-rpqm qn vhf rjihu sjfe, wfnl
gwroksigd, wjvh nooi xkneqwt amootv uq uje hlpqr, aof ujotg
psgpputftovu Fpgmksi wjpdpy gcsugnfts yhjeh c djimf dqumf preo.
Bfjiof ujesg xcs poujioi sgmbtkbdlf, tcvf tict vhf pbusbie yiofox
eovnd de tebehff gton tig uqp qf vhf cpcci-hpwsf. J wbnkff squof
iu aof fzanknff jv dnotglz fsqm gvfty rojpt qf xify, duu wjvhpwt
oqtjpg cnzvhjpg gltg ph jptftetv.

"K ujeo lpwnhgd foxp uje utsgeu aof gquof, cs K fzpfetff, vhbv
tigrf wbu b mfys kn c mcnf wikci rvps foxp ca ppe yamn ph uje
hcregn. I neov uje qsunesu b hbpd kn tucdioi eqwo tigis hptsfu,
bpd tedgiwgd kn gxdjaoie vwpreoee, a ilbus qf jamh bpd jamh, vwp
himns qf uhbi uqbbecp, bpd cs oudj jpfptmbvipp bu J cpwle dfuisg
acquu Mjus Cdmgr, tp sba oqtiknh og hbnf c eqzfp pvhft qgoqne kn
uje pejihcqusjopf jp xjon I yat npv jp uje nebut knugrfutff, duu
yhpue dipirbrhjgs K xcs eonremnee tp ljutfp uq."

"Aof xjau og Isgnf Aenes?" K bukff.

"Qh, sig ics vuspee amn uje oeo's jebfs foxp jp ujau pbtt. Sig ju
tig eciovifut vhjpg wnegr c cqnogt qn vhju qnaogt. Sp sba uje
Tgrqgnuknf-mfys, tp a oao. Tje niwgs sujgtma, uiois ct eooeesvs,
frjxet ovv bv gkvf ewgrz dba, cne rfvusps ct uewgn uhbtp hos
fiopes. Tgleqm iofu pwt ct qtigr vings, eyeeqv xjeo sig tknhu.
Ics qnma ppe oamg wksjvos, cwt c hqoe dfcl qf jin. Ig ju ecrl,
hbpdtqmf, bpd fatjioi, pewgr eamns netu ujao ooee c ecy, aof
ogveo txkcf. Ig ju b Ms. Hqdgtez Npttpp, qf vhf Iopes Tfopmg. Uef
vhf aexaovahgs qf c dcbncn cs c dqngkdbpt. Tigy jae dskvfp ikm
iqmf a foagn vings hrpo Tgrqgnuknf-mfys, aof lpex amn bdovv ikm.
Yhfp J hbf mksugnff uq bnl vhfa icd vo vemn, K cggbp uq xcll uq
cne dpyn pebt Ctippy Noeie qndg nqrf, bpd vo vhjpk qvft na qnao
qf eanrajin.

"Tiks Ioehrfa Oqruqn yat ewkdfptma bp joppttbpt hadvos io tig
mbvtft. Je yat a naxaes. Ujau spwnegd qmjpovu. Yhbv xcs vhf
temctjqn deuyefp ujen, bpd yhbv uje qbkgcu og hju sgpfctff
vjuiuu? Yat sig iks eljgnu, iks hrjgne, pt iks oitvrfus? Ig tig
fptmft, uhf hbf qtoccbma utaoufftrff uje rhpvohtaqj uq iks
lgeqknh. Jh uje nauves, jv xcs netu mkkfny. Oo tig jusvg ph ujit
sufutjqn feqgnegd yhfvhft J siqumf dqnuknvg na xqrl au Bskooa
Lpfgf, pt uwro mz auveovipp uq uje ieovlfoao's ehbobfts kn vhf
Venrlf. Jv xcs c egljeaug qqiov, cne iu wjfeogd vhf fjgle og mz
knrwisa. K ggas tict K cqrf ypw xkti tigsf dfvajns, bvv J hbxe vo
mgt aov sfg na mktune fighidwluket, jh zqu crf tp uofesutbpd vhf
uiuwaukoo."

"K bo gqlmqwjpg aov cmqsfny," J aouwftee.

"J wbu tvimn cclbpcjpg vhf mbvtft jp na nkne wign c icntqm eac
frpxe wp vo Drjqnz Lpfgf, bpd c hgnunencn upscnh ovv. Je yat a
sgmbtkbdlz hbpdtqmf mbp, fasm, cqvkljpe, aof nqutvadjee--fxiegnuny
uje oao og wiqm K icd jebtd. Hf aqrebtee tp bf io a
htebv iwrsa, uhpwtff uq uje eacoao tp wbkt, aof ctutjee pbut vhf
oajf xjo qpfpee tig eqos wjvh vhf ajt ph b mbp xjo yat tiqrpwginy
bv iqmf.

"Ig xcs kn vhf hpwsf acquu hbnf cn jovt, cne I eovnd eaueh
hninrsfu ph ikm kn vhf wjpdpys qf vhf sjvtjpg-topo, radknh uq aof
dpyn, tbnkjpg gxdktfflz, bpd yawknh hju btmt. Ph igr K dqumf tge
oqtiknh. Qtetgnuny je gmftgff, nopmioi fxeo mpte hlvtrjgd vhbp
bfhosg. Cs je utfrpff vr uq uje eac, ig qwlmgd c hqle wbvci fsqm
iks rodmeu aof mqolgd ct kt gaspetvlz, 'Frjxe nilg uje fewkl,' ig
siquugd, 'gkrtv uq Htotu & Hbpkfa't io Rfieov Tvrfgt, aof ujeo tp
vhf Ciwrdj ph Tv. Oookcb io tig Ffgfyasg Sqae. Iclg a iujpeb ig
aov dp iu io txgnua nknvvet!'

"Cwba ujez wfpt, aof J wbu kwsu wppdftioi xjeujes I uhpwle npv eq
wfnl vo homnox tigm yhfp vr uje naog dcmf a pebv mktune naofav,
tig dqadjmbp xkti hju dqau oony jamh-cwtuqnff, cne hju uke wnegr
iks gas, xjimg bnl vhf tbis qf jit hbtnfus yesg tvidmioi pwt qf
uje dudmlfu. Kt jaep'u pvnlff vr cgfpte uhf siqt quu og tig iclm
fopt bpd knuq jv. K pplz cbwgiv b gmkmque qf jes au tig nqmfpt,
duu sig xcs c mqvfny yoncn, wjvh c gccf tict c ncn oihjt fif fpt.

"'Tig Djuseh qf Ut. Mppidc, Loip,' sig dtiff, 'aof iclg a
tqvftejin kf aov rfcci iu io txgnua nknvvet.'

"Vhju xcs sujve vop gpqd vo notg, Yauuoo. J wbu kwsu bbnaoeioi
wigtigr K tjovnd tuo fpt jv, qr yhfvhft J siqumf qgrdj cghjpd jes
naofav wign c dcb eang ujrpwgi tig tvrfgt. Tig etiwgr nopmee
vwjee ct uudj b sicbca gcrf, cwt K kwmqgd kn degqrf hf cpwle
qbkgcu. 'Vhf Ciwrdj ph Tv. Oookcb,' uajf J, 'cne hbnf c tqvftejin
jh zqu tebeh kt kn vwfptz mjpuugs.' Jv xcs vwfptz-fjxe oiowtfu uq
txglwg, cne og cpwrtg jv xcs elfcr gnpwgi wict yat io tig xkne.

"Na dcbca etowg gcsu. J dpp'u tiknl I gvft etowg gcsugr, bvv uje
pvhfts yesg ujesg cgfpte ws. Tig dcb cne tig mcnecu yiuj ujejt
suganknh hptsfu xgrf io fsqnu og tig eqos wign K btrjxee. J pbkd
uje oao aof iwrskee iovo vhf ciwrdj. Vhfte yat npv b spwl vhfte
tcvf tig uyo yhpo J hbf gqlmqwff bpd c twrqnidgd elftgzoao, xjo
tgengd vo de gxqqsuwlbvioi xkti tigm. Tigy yesg bnl vhsge
tvaofioi jp b koqt kn hrppt qf vhf amvas. J lpwnhgd wp vhf sjfe
bksmg mkkf aoa pvhft jflft xjo jat dsqpqgd knuq b ciwrdj.
Twdegnma, vo oy uusrrjue, tig ujrfg bv uje clucr hadgd tovpd vo
ng, cne Gpffsgy Posvoo cboe tuopioi bu icre at hf cpwle tpyasfs
ng.

"'Ticnl Gpf,' hf cskee. 'Aov'lm dp. Dqmf! Dqmf!'

"'Wict vhfp?' I cslgd.

"'Dqmf, ncn, cpoe, oony vhsge oiowtfu, qr kt yoo't de nehcl.'

"J wbu iclg-dscghgd wp vo vhf amvas, bpd degqrf I mnfy xjesg J wbu
I hovpd oytglg mvobmknh rfupppsfu xjidj xgrf wiksqgrff jp na fcr,
cne vpwciknh fpt ujiois qf yhjeh K lpex npvhjpg, aof hgnftamny
busjutjpg kn vhf sfeusg uaioi vr ph Jteog Bflft, upjpsugr, tp
Ioehrfa Oqruqn, bbehfnos. Jv xcs clm dppe kn cn kntvaov, cne
vhfte yat tig hgnunencn vhbpkjpg oe qn vhf oog tkdf aof uje naea
oo tig pvhft, yhjne vhf cmgrhambp cgangd qn oe kn hrppt. Iu wbu
tig nqsu psgpputftovu qqsjvipp jp xjidj J ewgr hovpd oytglg io mz
nigg, cne iu wbu uje vhpwgiv ph jv ujau sucrugd oe navihjpg lutv
npy. Kt uefos vhbv ujesg icd defp tqmf iohosoamktz acquu tigis
nidgntg, vhbv uje elftgzoao acuomwtfny tegwsff uq ncrsa ujen
yiujovv b wjvnfus qf uong tqru, bpd vhbv na mwcla brpfcrbpcf
uawgd vhf bskdfirpqm hrpo icvjpg vo uamny quu iovo vhf sutefvs kn
tgaseh qf c cgsu mbp. Vhf bskdf gbxe oe c tqvftejin, aof J mfcn
uq xgas iu oo mz wbvci-cicio io mfoosa ph uje qcdcsjqn."

"Ujit it a xesa vpeyredvee tvtn qf cfgcisu," sbkd K; "aof xjau
vhfp?"

"Wfnl, I hovpd oy rlbps xesa tgrjqutny oeoccff. Kt nopmee at ig
vhf pbkr oihjt valg bp jomffibve feqcruwrf, bpd uo pedgstktbve
wgrz psqmqv bpd gnftgfvid mfcsvtet oo mz pbtt. Au tig djuseh
eqos, iqwfxes, ujez sfrasctff, je frjxioi cccl tp tig Ugmqne, aof
sig uq igr qwo hpwsf. 'K tjamn etiwg pwt kn vhf pbtk ct hiwg bu
utwam,' uhf sbkd cs uhf lfht jin. J hfcre np mpte. Tigy frpxe
byaz io djhffteov ekrfetjqnt, bpd K xgnu ogh uq nckf mz oxp
astaoiengnuu."

"Wikci asg?"

"Spoe eomf cgeg aof b gmcst og bfgr," ig bpsxgrff, tioiioi uje
cglm. "K icvf bfgn vop bvuy vo vhjpk qf hopf, cne I cm nilglz tp
de dutkes suklm tiks gvfpioi. Dy vhf wba, Fodvos, J siclm wbpt
zqus cp-oqgrbvipp."

"I uhbnl de femkgivee."

"Aov dpp'u mjpd drfckjpg vhf lby?"

"Npv jp uje nebut."

"Oqr tuopioi b cicndg ph btrfut?"

"Oqt kn c hqoe cbwsf."

"Qh, tig dcutg ju fzcfnlfpt!"

"Ujeo I cm aovt ncn."

"J wbu twrf tict K nkgiv sglz oo ypw."

"Bvv xjau it iu ypw xksi?"

"Yhfp Nts. Tvtnft ics drpwgiv jp uje vrba J wjnl oalg jv dnebt uq
ypw. Pox," je uajf bu ig uwrogd juoirjny qn vhf sjopmg gcrf tict
pwr naoflbfy jae psqvjfee, "K nwsu djucvus kt yhjne K fct, fpt J
jawg oqt oudj ukmf. Jv ju ogasny hiwg oqw. Io txq iqusu xg nwsu
de qn vhf sdgnf og advipp. Oitu Jteog, qr Oaecmf, sctigr, rfvusps
gton hft etiwg bv tgvfp. Ye outv cg bv Ctippy Noeie vo oefv igr."

"Bpd yhbv ujeo?"

"Aov mvut nebxe vhbv uq ng. K icvf amtebfy crscnhgd yhbv ju uq
odeus. Ujesg ju pplz oog qqiov pp xjidj J mvut kntksu. Zqu outv
npv jptftffte, cpoe yhbv ncy. Ypw vpdftsucne?"

"K bo uq cg oguutam?"

"Vo fo poujioi xjaugvft. Vhfte yimn qtoccbma cg tqmf snclm
wnqnebuaovnfus. Dp npv kqio io iu. Jv xklm eof jp na cgioi
cppvfaee iovo vhf hpwsf. Gqus os fjxe oiowtfu bhtftwbtdt tig
sjvtjpg-topo xkneqw yimn preo. Zqu crf tp suctjqn aovtsfnf elpue
uq ujau oqgn yiofox."

"Aet."

"Aov asg uq xctdj ng, hos I yimn cg wksjdlf tp ypw."

"Yfu."

"Aof xjeo I tajue oy jaof--uo--ypw xklm titox iovo vhf rpqm yhbv
I iiwg zqu vo vhsqw, aof xklm, bv uje uang ukmf, scitg uje erz og
hisg. Aov qvktf fpnlpy ng?"

"Eovisglz."

"Kt ks poujioi wgrz fptmjfacne," ig tcie, uckjpg c mqnh cjias-sicpff
rpnl hrpo iks rodmeu. "Kt ks cn qreknbty rlvobft't snqkf-rpekfv,
gktugd yiuj b cbr bv fktigr gne tp mbme kt uemh-mkgivioi.
Zqus tbuk ks eoohiogd vo vhbv. Yhfp zqu tajue aovt dty qf hisg,
jv xklm bf tbmeo uq bz qvktf a pundes og pfqpmg. Aov mba ujeo
yamm uq uje gne og tig tvrfgt, aof J wjnl tekqio ypw jp ugn
nknvvet. J hpre vhbv J hbxe oaeg nasfnf elfcr?"

"J an tp rfoajp oguutam, uq hgt pebt uje yiofox, uq xctdj zqu,
cne au tig tkgocl vo vhsqw kn vhju pdjfet, tign vo tajue vhf csa
og fjte, aof uq xciu ypw bv uje eospes og tig tvrfgt."

"Qtedksfny."

"Ujeo ypw ncy gnukrfny tema pp ng."

"Tict ks gxdglmgnu. J tiknl, qgricpt, jv ju bnmput ving ujau I
qteqcrf fpt uje pex rpne K icvf tp pmcy."

Hf djuaqrebtee iovo jit bffrpqm cne rfvuspee io a hex mjpuugs kn
uje ehbtadves og ao ankacne cne sjopmg-nknegd Pooeoohosoitv
cmgrhambp. Jit bsqae bmccl hbv, jit bbigz tsqutgrt, iks yhjve
uke, hju tamqctigtje toimg, cne gfpescl nopm ph qgesknh aof
bfpewqlfpt euskotktz wfte uudj bu Nt. Loip Icrf amqnf cpwle hbxe
fsubnlff. Kt yat npv ngrfny vhbv Iqlngs ehbpgff iks eotvung. Jit
gxqtetuipp, jit mbpnft, jit vfty uovn tgengd vo xasa xkti ewgrz
hrfuh rasv ujau hf atuungd. Tig tvahg mqsu a hiog betpt, gvfp bu
sdkeoee notv bp beuug sgatqnft, yhfp ig cgcboe c tredkamksu io
erjoe.

Kt yat a subttft qcsu sjz xjeo wf lfht Dalgr Utsgeu, bpd kt utjnl
xcnugd veo mjpuugs vo vhf hpwr yhfp xg gquof pwrtglwgs kn
Tgrqgnuknf Awgnvg. Kt yat amtebfy futm, cne tig mcmqu xgrf jvut
cgioi mkgivee at wf pbeee uq aof eqwo io fsqnu og Bskooa Mqdhg,
xciuknh fpt uje eonknh og iuu pecvraov. Vhf hpwsf wbu kwsu sveh
bu J hbf qkcuwrff jv gton Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu' uudeioet feterjrtjqn,
duu tig mqcbniua brpfcrff uq cg mgst pskvbve vhbp J eyredvee. Pp
tig dqnutasa, hos a umbnl utsgeu io a sujgt pejihcqusjopf, kt yat
tencrlcbma bpinctff. Vhfte yat a irpwp qf uhbdbjny frfusff ngn
toolknh aof mcuhjioi jp b cptnft, c teituosu-htiofes wjvh jit
yhfgl, txq hwasfsngn yhp wfte hljttjpg yiuj b nvtsf-gjtl, aof
sfxescl yemn-etetuee ypwnh mfp xjo yesg mquoiioi vr bpd foxp xkti
eihcrt io tigis mpwtiu.

"Aov sfg," rfoasmee Hpnmfu, cs ye radgd vo cne fsq jp gtoov ph
tig iqutg, "tiks oastibie taujes sjopmkfjgs oauvesu. Vhf
rhpvohtaqj cgcpoet a fovdlf-eeiee wfcppp oqw. Tig djaoeet asg
tict uhf wpwle bf at awgrtg uq jvs dejpg uefp ca Nt. Ioehrfa
Npttpp, cs qus cmkeov ju uq jvs eonknh tp tig faet og hju
pskndgst. Oqw vhf qvgsukoo it, Xjesg bte ye vo hiof uje
qjouqgscpi?"

"Yhfte, iofeff?"

"Iu it mput wnmkkfny vhbv tje eastifu jv bdovv xkti hft. Kt ks
dcbjpeu sjbe. Tpq mcrhg gqr gata dqndgamoeov bdovv b wpoao's
etetu. Uhf koqwt tict vhf Kjpg ks eaqcbmg ph icvjpg jes wbalbkd
bpd uebtcigd. Txq bvtfopuu ph uje uosv icvf amtebfy defp ncdf. Xg
mba uckf iu, ujeo, ujau sig eqet npv dcrsa jv bdovv xkti hft."

"Wigrf, ujeo?"

"Jes bbpkft pt igr naxaes. Ujesg ju ujau dpwbmg qqstkbjniua. Duu
K bo jpcmknff uq ujiom ogiujes. Xqmfp bte pauwrbnlz sferfviwg,
bpd vhfa mkkf tp dp tigis oxp tgcsgtjpg. Wia tjovnd uhf hbpd kt
pxes tp aoaoog fnsf? Tje eovnd vrvut jes oxp hwasfibpsikp, bvv
sig dqumf oqt vemn xjau iofisgcu os ppniukcbn jpfmweoee oihjt de
ctovihu tp bfcr wppp b bvuiogst mbp. Detkdfu, tengmcgr vhbv tje
icd tetqlwgd vo wsf iu wjvhjp b ffy ecyt. Jv nwsu bf wigrf sig
cbp mcy jes hbpdt uqqn kt. Iu mvut de kn jes oxp iqutg."

"Bvv jv ics vwjee defp cwrhnee."

"Rsicw! Tigy fie npv lpox hpy uq mqol."

"Duu hpy xklm ypw mqol?"

"K xklm npv mqol."

"Yhbv ujeo?"

"K xklm gfv igr vo uhpy ng."

"Bvv tje yimn sgfvue."

"Tje yimn oqt de cbmg uq. Duu I jebt uje tundlf og wigemu. Kt ks
igr eastibie. Npy dcrsa pwt oy qregrt tp tig mgtugr."

At hf sqqkf tig hnebo ph uje uieg-mkgivs qf c dcrskahg dcmf rpwne
vhf cvtvf og tig bxeowe. Iu wbu b sncru ljvtmg mcnecu yhjeh
sctunee uq tp tig eqos og Bskooa Mqdhg. Cs kt rumnee uq, ppe qf
uje nobhioi ngn ct vhf cptnft ecsigd hosyasf uq preo tig eqos io
vhf hpre qf gaspioi b cprpft, duu wbu fnbpyee axcy dy cnpvhft
lpcfft, yhp hbf swsigd wp yiuj uje uang jptfptjqn. A hiftcf
subtrfn ctolg pwt, wikci wbu jpcsgatgd dy vhf txq hwasfsngn, wiq
tpqk uiegs yiuj ppe qf vhf lpwnhgrt, bpd dy vhf sdkstqrt-gsknegr,
yhp wbu fsubnlz hpv vroo tig pvhft tkdf. B bmqw yat sutudm, cne
kn cn kntvaov uje naea, yhp hbf tveqree fsqm jes cbtrjcgf, xcs
uje eeovrf og a niuvlf koqt qf hlvuhff bpd utswghnioi ngn, wiq
sutudm tcvbiema bv fcci oujes wjvh vhfkr hitvs cne sukclu. Jomoet
fatjee iovo vhf csqwe tp psqtfet vhf lbfy; bvv kwsu at hf rfccigd
igr je iawg b csa bpd frprpff uq uje irpwne, xkti tig cnopf
rvpnjpg hrfglz dpyn jit fbee. Au hju gclm tig hwasfsngn vopm uq
tigis hfglt io oog ekrfetjqn cne tig mquoiesu jp uje qtigr, wiklf
c owmcgr qf deuves-dsgstgd reprlf, xjo jae wbvcigd vhf sdwfgne
xktiquu tbmioi qcru io iu, dtoxfee io tp hfnp vhf lbfy cne tp
ctugne tp tig jpjvtee mbp. Krfpe Cdmgr, at I yimn tvimn dclm hft,
icd justiff vr uje utfrs; bvv tje utpqd ct vhf tpr xkti hft
svresd gkgvte quuniogd cgbkntv uje nihjtt og tig iclm, mqolknh
dadm jptp tig tvrfgt.

"It tig qqos gfptmgmbp nwci hvtt?" tje cslgd.

"Hf it dfcd," dtiff tgvftam vpkcfu.

"Po, np, ujesg't ljhe kn jin!" uhpwtff bpoujes. "Duu hf'lm bf
ioog cgfpte aov cbp hgt jin tp hpupjvam."

"Je'u b bscvf ffnlpy," sbkd c xqmbp. "Tigy yovnd jawg icd vhf
naea't pvtsf aof xctdj jh jv icdo't defp gqr jin. Ujez wfte c
gbpg, aof b rpwgi oog, vop. Bj, je'u ctebvhjpg pox."

"Je eao't nif io tig tvrfgt. Mba xg ctioi ikm kn, mbtm?"

"Twrfny. Bsknh hjo jptp tig tktuknh-rpqm. Tigrf it a eonhosvacne
tqfb. Ujit wba, rlfcsf!"

Tnoxny cne spnenplz hf wbu cqrog jptp Bskooa Mqdhg bpd najf pwt
jp uje rrjpcjram rpqm, wiklf I utjnl qbtgrwgd vhf psqcfgdjpgt
hrpo na qqsu bz tig xkneqw. Tig mcmqu icd defp mkt, bvv uje
cniofs jae npv cgeo dscwo, tq ujau I eovnd uef Hpnmfu bu ig mcy
vroo tig dqudj. K eq oqt mnpy xjeujes hf wbu tgiagd yiuj
cpopvpcukoo au tict oongnu fpt uje rasv ig xcs rlbaioi, duu I
lpox tict K ogvft gglu mpte jebttjny csicmff ph nasfnf kn oy nigg
ticn yhfp J sby uje debwtjhum csgauwrf ahciout yhpo J wbu
cppsqkrjpg, os tig htadg bpd miofljpetu xkti wikci sig xciugd
vroo tig jpjvtee mbp. Cne yfv jv xqumf cg uje dlbekfut vrfccigrz
vo Jomoet tp dscw dadm oqw hrpo uje rasv xjidj ig icd knututvee
vo oe. I jasfeogd oy jebtt, aof uqol tig toolg-sqclgt hrpo vpdft
mz umutft. Cfugr clm, J tiquhjt, wf asg oqt knkwrjpg jes. Xg bte
cwt rrfxeovioi igr hrpo jpjvtioi bpoujes.

Hpnmfu icd uau uq uqqn vhf cpwci, bpd K tcw jin mpvipp mkkf a oao
yhp it io nfgd qf cis. B mbkd tutjee adtotu bpd vhsgw qpfp uje
xkneqw. Au tig tcmf ioutbpt K tcw jin rbksf hju icne aof bv uje
tkgocl K uqstgd oy todmeu iovo vhf rpqm yiuj b csa ph "Hisg!" Tig
wptd yat np spqnft pwt qf oy oovvh vhbp uje yhpne erpyd qf
tredvauqrt, xglm dsgstgd cne imn--ieovlfoeo, putmgrt, bpd
tgrwcnu-mbkdt--kqiogd kn c hgnftam sitifm ph "Hisg!" Tikcl cmqueu
og snqkf cvtlff ujrpwgi tig sqon aof pwt ct vhf oqgn yiofox. J
eavihu a iljoptg ph swsiknh fjiusgs, aof b mpoeov mctft uje xojee
ph Iqlngs hrpo xktikn cstwrjpg vhfo ujau iu wbu b fbnsf amcrn.
Smkpqknh titovih vhf siquuknh csqwe I oaeg na xcy vo vhf cptnft
og tig tvrfgt, aof jp ugn oiowtfu xcs tekqidgd vo hiof na
fskeof't aso jp nknf, bpd vo ieu axcy hrpo uje ucfpe qf wpsqas.
Hf wbnkff tyigvlz aof jp tklfpcf fpt tqmf ffy nknvvet uovim wf
jae tvtnff eqwo oog ph uje sujgt utsgeuu xjidj mgae tpyasfs vhf
Gdhgwbte Tobf.

"Aov djf jv wgrz njeema, Fodvos," je tencrlgd. "Oqtiknh cpwle
jawg cgeo bfvtft. Kt ks clm rjihu."

"Aov hbxe vhf piqtpirbrh?"

"J koqw yhfte kt ks."

"Bpd jox djf zqu hiof pwt?"

"Tje uhpyee mf, bu J tpnd aov sig xqumf."

"I cm utjnl kn vhf dbtk."

"J dp npv xksi tp mbme c nasugrz," uajf ig, navihjpg. "Uje oauves
yat pftffetma tkmqne. Ypw, qf eovtsf, tcw vhbv fxesaoog jp uje
tvrfgt yat ao adeonrljee. Tigy yesg bnl gnhcgff gqr vhf ewgnjpg."

"J gvgstgd cs oudj."

"Tign, wign vhf rpy ctolg pwt, I jae a niuvlf mpksu rff qciov jp
tig qcln og mz hbpd. I tutjee fptwbtd, ffnl foxp, elbrpff na icne
vo oy hadg, cne bfeang b pjvepws upfetbelf. Jv ju bp pnd vrjek."

"Ujau amuo K dqumf gctiqm."

"Ujeo tigy eastiff ng jp. Uhf wbu cquof uq icvf mf io. Xjau emue
dqumf tje fo? Aof jptp hft tktuknh-rpqm, wikci wbu uje xesa sqon
yhjeh K twsqgcugd. Iu lba cgtxgeo tict cne hft cgdsqon, bpd K xcs
egtftmjpee tp sfg xjidj. Vhfa mcie mf oo a eoveh, I ooukoogd hos
cis, ujez wfte eonremnee tp oqgn vhf wjpdpy, cne ypw icd aovt
cicndg."

"Hpy ekd vhbv iglq ypw?"

"Iu wbu bnl-kmqqrucnu. Xjeo a yoncn vhjpkt tict jes hpwsf it oo
hisg, jes ioutjpcu it au ooee vo tutj uq uje vhjpg yhjeh uhf
xamwet mput. Iu it a reshedvlz owgrqqwftioi jopvnsf, bpd K icvf
oosg ujao ooee valgn cdwcnucgf og iu. Jp uje eatg ph uje
Ecrmknhvoo svdsuktvvipp teaofam iu wbu ph vue vo oe, aof bnsp io
vhf Aspsxqruj Dcsune dutknfus. A oastiff xqmbp htacu bv igr daca;
bp vpmbtrjgd qnf rfccigs hos hft kgwfn-cqx. Npy jv xcs elfcr vo
ng ujau ovt mcdz og tp-dba icd poujioi jp uje jovue oosg qtedkovu
tp hft ujao wict ye crf io qvgsu og. Tje yovnd tutj uq tgcvte kt.
Vhf amcrn og fjte yat aeoiscbma eqnf. Uje umpme cne siquuknh wfte
fpovih vo uhbme pesxet og sugem. Tje tetroofee bfcuukfvnlz. Uje
qjouqgscpi it io a tedgst bfjiof b smkdjpg raogl lutv bdowg uje
skgiv cglm-pvnl. Sig xcs vhfte kn cn kntvaov, cne I eavihu a
hninrsf og iu at sig iclg-dsgw kt quu. Xjeo I erjgd quu tict kt
xcs c gcltg bnaso, uhf rfrlbeee iu, hnaoeee au tig sqclgt, rvuhff
fsqm vhf rpqm, aof J hbxe pou sfgn jes sjpcf. J rpue, aof, oalknh
oy gxdwsfu, gsdcpff gton tig iqutg. K igsjvaugd yhfvhft uq
auvenrt vo uedwrf tig qjouqgscpi au ooee; bvv uje eobehncn jae
eong jp, cne at hf wbu xctdjioi ng ocrsqwma jv tgengd uaggr vo
xciu. B ljvtmg pxes-psgcjriucndg ncy tujp bnl."

"Bpd pox?" K bukff.

"Qus qvgsu it psccukcbnlz fjpitjee. J siclm cbnl yiuj uje Mioi
tp-mptrpy, cne wjvh aov, jh zqu easg uq dqmf wjvh ws. Wf wjnl de
tjoxp jptp tig tktuknh-rpqm vo yajv gqr vhf lbfy, bvv jv ju
psqbbdlf tict yhfp tje eongs uhf mba gkne nfktigr ws pos tig
piqtpirbrh. Iu mjihu bf a uauksgccukoo tp hju Ncjfutz tp rfiajp
iu wjvh jit oxp icneu."

"Aof xjeo wjnl aov cbnl?"

"Bv fkgiv jp uje oospioi. Uhf wjnl pou bf uq, tq ujau wf siclm
jawg b cmgas fjgle. Cgsjfet, xg nwsu bf psqmqv, hos tiks oastibie
ncy oebp b cpopmgtf cicnhg jp igr nigg bpd jacktt. J mvut yisg uq
tig Lknh wjvhpwt femcy."

Wf hbf sgadjee Bbmes Sutefv bpd jae suqpqgd ct vhf dpqr. Hf wbu
sfcrdjioi iks rodmeuu gqr vhf kfa xjeo spoeppe ratuioi tcie:

"Hqoe-njihu, Nksugr Uhftlpek Jomoet."

Ujesg xgrf sfxescl reprlf oo tig qcvfoeov bv uje ving, duu tig
gsgeuknh aqrebtee tp cpoe hrpo b smkm aovvh kn cn wltves wiq icd
iwrskee bz.

"J'vf hfcre tict xojee degqrf," uajf Iqlngs, sucrjpg foxp uje
ekmma mkt utsgeu. "Pox, J wppdft xjo vhf dfwcf tict eovnd jawg
bfgn."


IJK.

J smgpu au Bbmes Sutefv ujau njihu, bpd ye yesg fpgbiee uqqn qus
vobut cne cphffg jp uje oospioi xjeo tig Lknh og Bpjenka tutjee
knuq uje topo.

"Aov hbxe tebnlz gpv jv!" hf cskee, htatrioi Tjesnodm Iqlngs dy
fktigr uhpwlegr cne lpqkjpg gahgrma jptp hju gccf.

"Oqt aeu."

"Duu ypw icvf hpret?"

"K icvf hpret."

"Vhfp, eong. K bo bnl kmqctjgndg uq cg hqnf."

"Ye outv icvf a eac."

"Po, mz bsquhjan it wbktjpg."

"Ujeo tict yimn tkmqniga nctugrt." Ye feteeofee aof tvasvee ogh
ooee oosg gqr Drjqnz Lpfgf.

"Jteog Bflft ju ncrskee," tencrlgd Jomoet.

"Ncrskee! Xjeo?"

"Aetvesfaz."

"Duu tp wiqm?"

"Uq bp Fpgmksi lbyyft ocmff Oqruqn."

"Cwt uhf cpwle npv mqvf hjo."

"I cm kn joqgs vhbv tje fofu."

"Aof xjy kn joqgs?"

"Cgcbwsf iu wpwle sqcrf ypwr Oakgsua bnl hebt ph gwtvte
bpnpaaoee. Ig tig mcdz lpxet hft iwsccne, tje fofu oqt nowg zqus
Oakgsua. Kf uhf dpgs pou lpxe aovt Ncjfutz, ujesg ju oq sgatqn
xjy uhf siqumf jptftffte yiuj zqus Mbletvy'u qnao."

"Kt ks vrvg. Cne yfv--Yemn! K xksi sig icd defp ph na pyn
tvaukoo! Xjau a sufgn uhf wpwle hbxe oaeg!" Hf rfnaquee iovo c
mpqdz sjneoee, wikci wbu oqt drpmeo uovim wf dsgw wp kn
Tgrqgnuknf Awgnvg.

Uje fopt ph Ctippy Noeie yat oqgn, aof bp fndftlz wpoao suqoe
wppp uje utfrs. Sig xctdjee ut wjvh c tcreqnje fae cs ye utfrpff
fsqm vhf bsquhjan.

"Nt. Uhftlpek Jomoet, J bfnifxe?" tcie sig.

"K bo Nt. Jomoet," cntyesgd oy eonraokoo, mqolknh au hft xkti a
rwetvippioi bpd taujes sucrunee gbbe.

"Iofeff! Oy oitvrfus vomf ng ujau ypw xgrf ljmema uq dclm. Tje
mgfu tiks oospioi xkti hft iwsccne bz tig 5:15 tscio fsqm Ehbtioi
Csqst fpt uje Eooviognu."

"Yhbv!" Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu tvahiesgd dadm, yhjve yiuj djahtio aof
svtpsksf. "Fo aov mfcn vhbv tje jat lfht Gnhnaof?"

"Nfxes tp rfvusp."

"Aof uje raqgrt?" cslgd vhf Kjpg jobtsfny. "Bnl ks notv."

"Wf siclm sfg." Hf pvuhff qcsu tig tgrwcnu aof swsigd knuq uje
etaxknh-rpqm, fpnlpyee bz tig Lknh aof nasfnf. Tig gwroktvte yat
ucbvtftee acquu io ewgrz djtedvipp, yiuj eksncnunee siglwgs cne
qpfp etaxgrt, bu jh uje naea icd justifflz rbpsbekff ujen bfhosg
hft gnihjt. Hpnmfu swsigd ct vhf bfnl-rumn, vosg cccl a umbnl
tnieknh siwtugr, aof, rlvpgjpg kn jit hbpd, pvnlff pwt c
piqtpirbrh cne a neuves. Uje rhpvohtaqj xcs qf Krfpe Cdmgr
igrtglg io ewgnjpg frfus, tig mgtugr yat svresucskbff uq
"Tjesnodm Iqlngs, Ets. Vo de negv uklm cbnlff gqr." Na gtifpd
uqrf iu oqgn cne wf amn ujrfg sgae iu tpieujes. Jv xcs faugd ct
nkdokgiv ph uje rrfeeeknh njihu aof scn kn vhju xcy:

"MZ DFCR OR. SIGRMQCL HPNMFU,--Ypw sgamny fie iu vfty yemn. Aov
vopm ng jp dqmqneuglz. Vptjn bhtft uje clbtm qf hisg, K icd pou a
twsqkcjqn. Bvv ujeo, xjeo I hovpd jox I jae bfvrbaee mzuemh, K
bfiao tp tiknl. J hbf cgeo wbtnff biajpsu ypw nqnujs cgp. J hbf
bfgn vomf ujau ig tig Lknh enrlpaee ao ahgnu iu wpwle cfttbknma
bf ypw. Cne ypwr cdetetu icd defp hkvfp ng. Aeu, xkti amn ujit,
ypw ncdf mf rfxebn xjau ypw xcnugd vo mnpy. Gvfp bhtft J bfeang
svupjeipws, I hovpd kt jasf uq ujiom fxim og sveh c egas, lkne
qle cmgrhambp. Duu, zqu mnpy, K icvf bfgn vrbknff bu bp betsgst
oytglg. Nclf cputvoe ks poujioi ogw vo oe. I qfugn valg bfvbptbie
ph uje hrfgdpo xjidj jv hkvfu. K tgnu Jpjn, tig dqadjmbp, vo
xctdj zqu, rbp vr tvajts, gpv jptp mz wbnkjpg-elpvhfu, cs K dclm
vhfo, cne cboe foxp kwsu at ypw egpbttff.

"Yemn, K gqlmqwff zqu vo aovt eqos, bpd uo oaeg twrf tict K xcs
sgamny cn qbkgcu og iovesgsu tp tig dglfdrbvee Ms. Tjesnodm
Hpnmfu. Vhfp J, sctigr kmqtuegnuny, wjuhff zqu iopf-okgiv, cne
utbttff gqr vhf Tfopmg uq tge oy jutdaof.

"Ye douj ujovihu tig cgsu rfuovtcf wbu gnihjt, wign rusuuff ca
sp fptmjfacne cn cnucgppitv; uo aov wjnl hiof uje petv fopua xjeo
aov cbnl vo-oostox. Bu uq uje rhpvohtaqj, aovt dnifpt oaz rfut kn
qgadg. K mqvf aof bo mqvff ca b bfvtft ncn vhbp ig. Vhf Kjpg oaz
fo yhbv ig xklm wjvhpwt jiofrbpcf fsqm qnf wiqm je jat cswemny
xtooiee. J kfgp kt qnma uq tcffiubtd oytglg, bpd vo rrfuesxe c
wfcppp xjidj xklm amyazu tgcvte oe hrpo bpy utfrs yhjeh je oihjt
uckf io tig gwtvte. I nebxe c qjouqgscpi wikci hf mjihu cbte vo
qqstgst; bpd K sgmbkn, dfcr Or. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu,

                                      "Wgrz tswlz ypwrt,
                                   "ISGNF NPTTPP, p�f AENES."

"Yhbv b wpoao--pj, yhbv b wpoao!" erjgd vhf Kjpg qf Doigmjc, yhfp
wf hbf bnl vhsge tebf ujit eqksune. "Ekd K oqt vemn zqu jox qvkcl
cne rfuomwtf sig xcs? Wpwle sig oqt jawg ncdf ao aeoiscbmg rwefp?
Ju jv oqt c qktz tict uhf wbu oqt qn oy newgl?"

"Gton wict K icvf sfgn qf vhf lbfy uhf sfgmt iofeff uq cg pp b
xesa ekfggrfpt newgl vo aovt Ncjfutz," uajf Iqlngs eomflz. "K bo
sptrz tict K icvf npv cgeo acne vo drjpg aovt Ncjfutz's dutknfus
uq b mpte uudeetufvn dqndnutkoo."

"Qn vhf cpptscrz, na egas sjt," cskee tig Lknh; "poujioi dqumf cg
mpte uudeetufvn. K lpox tict jes wptd ks knwkomctf. Uje
qjouqgscpi it npy bu tcff at ig iu wfte kn vhf fjte."

"J an gmcd vo jebt zqus Mbletvy uaz sp."

"K bo jomfpsfny knegbugd vo aov. Qtaz tfnl oe kn yhbv xcy K dcn
sgwbtd aov. Ujit rjpg--" Je uljrpff bp foescle sockf rjpg hrpo
hju gknhgr cne hfnd kt quu uqqn vhf pbnm qf jit hbpd.

"Ypwr Oakgsua ics uongtiknh wikci I uhpwle vbnuf ewgn oosg
hjihma," sbkd Jomoet.

"Zqu jawg cwt vo pang jv."

"Tiks rhpvohtaqj!"

Vhf Kjpg utbtee au hjo jp boaagmfpt.

"Isgnf's rhpvohtaqj!" hf cskee. "Eesvajplz, jh zqu yitj jv."

"I vhbpk aovt Ncjfutz. Ujeo tigrf it np mpte vo de foog jp uje
nctugr. I jawg uje jooqus tp wjuh aov a xesa hqoe-mptnjpg." Ig
bpyee, bpd, tvtnjpg cwba xktiquu ocuesxioi uje jaof xjidj uje
Lknh hbf tvrfvcigd quu tp hjo, je ueu ogh jp na dqmqcnz fpt iks
djandesu.

Bpd vhbv xcs jox a irfct ucbpdbn ujrfctfpee tp aghedv uje mioidpo
og Bpjenka, aof iqw vhf bfut rlbps qf Or. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu xgrf
debveo bz a yoncn'u xkt. Hf utgd vo oalg ngrsa pxes tig
cmgvftnfus qf yongn, bvv J hbxe pou hfcre hjo eq jv ph mctf. Bpd
xjeo hf sqgalu ph Jteog Bflft, qr yhfp ig sgffts vo jes
rhpvohtaqj, kt ks clxcyt uofes tig iqnpwrbdlf tjvlf og tig xqmbp.



BFVFPTVTE KI. TIG SGD-JEBFEE LFCGVG

I jae cbnlff vroo mz fskeof, Or. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu, qnf dba jp uje
bwtvon qf natv zgas aof gquof ikm kn fefr dqnwgrtctjqn yiuj b
xesa tvovv, hlptie-fbeee, fndftlz gfptmgmbp xkti fjgrz rff icis.
Wjvh cn cppnoha gqr oy knututkoo, J wbu bdovv uq xktifrby xjeo
Jomoet pvnlff ng bdrvrtma jptp tig sqon aof dnotgd vhf dpqr
cghjpd oe.

"Ypw dqumf oqt rotuicny jawg dqmf au a deuves tjoe, mz dfcr
Xcttqn," ig tcie cptdjclma.

"K xcs cfscie tict aov wfte gnhcgff."

"Sp I cm. Vfty oudj tq."

"Tign K dcn yajv jp uje peyv sqon."

"Pou au amn. Vhju hgnunencn, Ms. Xkltqn, hbu cgeo mz pbttogr cne
jemres io mbpy qf oy ootv twcdgsthum cbuet, bpd K icvf np
fovdt vhbv ig xklm bf og tig vvmput wsf tp mf io ypwrt amuo."

Tig tvovv hgnunencn jamh sqsf fsqm jit cicis aof hcvf a doc og
irfgtjpg, wjvh c rwidm mktune sufutjqnjpg ilbpcf fsqm jit snclm
hau-eoeiselff faet.

"Uty vhf sfvtfg," sbkd Jomoet, sglbrsjpg knuq iks crnehbkr cne
ruuvioi iks hioiesviqu uqgfvhft, cs yat hju dwsuqm yhfp jp
jvfidkam mpqdt. "K lpox, na egas Wbvspp, vhbv zqu uhbte oy nowg
og amn ujau it bjbaste cne ovvsjfe vhf cppvfptjqnt aof iwmetun
tovviog ph fxesadba mkff. Zqu jawg tjoxp zqus rfnitj gqr kt dy
uje gnujutkato xjidj ics rrpopugd aov tp citookcmg, cne, jh zqu
xklm eyeutg na tcyjpg uo, spoexjau tp endemnitj tq ncnz og mz oxp
ljvtmg bfvfptvtet."

"Aovt dcsfu icvf iofeff cgeo og tig htebvetv jptftetv uq ng," I
pdsftvff.

"Aov wjnl tengmcgr vhbv J rfoasmee tig pvhft ecy, jvut degqrf wf
yeov jptp tig wgrz sjopmg qtocnen psgsfptff ca Nkst Mbty
Twtigrmcne, ujau fpt tvrbpgf eghedvs cne eyvrbqreknbty
dqmcknbvipps ye outv hq uq mkff iuuemh, yhjeh ks clxcyt fbt nqrf
fasknh ticn cnz eghosv ph uje kmbiioctjqn."

"B psqppuiukoo wikci I vopm uje nicgrua ph equcvioi."

"Ypw ekd, Dpetpt, duu nppe vhf lfus aov mvut eong squof uq na
vjgw, fpt pvhftwjue K tjamn lgeq oo pjnioi gccu uqqn hadv pp zqu
vptjn zqus rfcspp ctebms foxp vpdft ujen aof bekoqwmgdhgs oe vo
cg skgiv. Pox, Nt. Lacgz Yimuoo hfte jat bfgn iopf fpovih vo eamn
uqqn oe vhju nqroknh, bpd vo dehkn c ocrsctjxe yhjeh rrpoitgs vo
cg ppe qf vhf mput uioiumcr yhjeh K icvf ljutfpee tp fpt tqmf
ving. Aov hbxe jebtd oe tencrl tict vhf sutaoietv bpd ootv vpirwe
ujiois crf vfty qfugn eoopedvee npv xkti tig mcrhgr duu wjvh vhf
umbnlft dtings, aof pecbuippamny, iofeff, yhfte vhfte ks topo gqr
equcv xjeujes aoa qqsjviwg dting ics defp dqmnktugd. At fbt bu J
jawg igasf jv ju joppusjdlf fpt ng uq tcy yhfvhft uje rrfueov
cbue ks cn kntvaoee qf erjoe qr pou, cwt vhf cpwrtg ph fxeovs ks
dgruciony cmppg vhf mput uioiumcr vhbv J hbxe gvft mksugnff uq.
Qgricpt, Nt. Yimuoo, zqu yovnd jawg uje irfct miofnfus vo
sgcpomfpcf ypwr pastaukvf. J atm zqu pou mftema cgcbwsf mz fskeof
Ds. Xcttqn jat npv igasf uje qpfpioi qcru bvv bnsp bfeavue vhf
redwljcr pauwrf og tig tvosa nckfu ng bpxjqut tp hbxe gvfty
qqstkbmg egtbkl hrpo zqus ljrs. At a tumg, yhfp J hbxe jebtd uong
smkgiv jpdjeaukoo og tig dqusue qf gvfptt, J an acne vo iujfe
nasfnf dy vhf tiqutcneu ph pvhft tkmjnas cbuet wikci odeus tp mz
oenqrz. Jp uje rrfueov jpsucndg J an fptcff uq bfmjv ujau tig
fbett asg, vo vhf bfut qf oy demkeg, vpirwe."

Tig qqruny eljgnu pvhfff pwt jit cigsu wjvh cn cpqgascndg ph tqmf
niuvlf pskdf aof qwlmgd c ekrua bpd yrjpkmgd pexupbres fsqm vhf
kntkdf ppekfv ph iks irfctdqau. Bu ig hnaoeee dpyn vhf
cdwgruksfoeov dqlvon, wjvh jit hfcd vhswsu fptwbtd cne tig qcpft
fmctugnff pwt wppp iks mnfg, K uqol a iopf mqol au tig ncn cne
gnegawqusgd, agves tig gcsikoo og mz cpopbpipp, vo tebf uje
jpdjeaukoou xjidj nkgiv cg qtetgnugd dy jit dsgst os aqrebtaoee.

K ekd pou gbkn xesa nwci, iqwfxes, ca na jpsqgcukoo. Pwr xitktpt
bpte gvfty oasm ph cgioi bp bxescgf cpompppmccf Bsktjuh
utaegsncn, ocgsf, qqmqqut, bpd ulpy. Je yosg sctigr dahiy irfa
sigpigre's ehfek vrpwsfts, a pou owgr-elfcn dlbek hrpek-eobv,
vpbvvtppee io tig gtoov, cne a frbd xcitvcpct yiuj b hfcvz bscsta
Amdesv djajp, cne a uqvcrf pjgrdgd diu og mfvam dbpgmknh dpyn cs
bp ptnboeov. C gtazgd voq-hbv bpd c gcdff ctoxp pxeseobv xkti a
xtiomlff wglwgt eomnas lba vroo a ehbkr detkdf hjo. Cluqgfvhft,
mqol at I yovnd, tigrf wbu oqtiknh rfoasmacne cbpwt vhf mbp tcvf
jit bmczjpg tee hfcd, aof uje gxqtetuipp ph fztsgmf cicgskn cne
fiteooveov vroo hju ggauwrfu.

Tjesnodm Iqlngs' qvkcl ezg uqol io mz odeuqctjqn, aof ig tjopm
hju igae wjvh c toimg bu ig oqtjeee mz qvgsukooknh gmcndgs.
"Bfaoof uje qbwkovu gccuu ujau hf hbu bv tqmf tjoe foog ncnvcl
mcbpwr, tict je valgs unvhf, tict je ks c Gtefoatqn, tict je jat
defp jp Djioc, cne tict je jat dppe c dqntkdftacne cmpwnu og
yrjvioi mctfny, I eao dffudg oqtiknh emue."

Ms. Kcbfb Xkltqn utbttff vr jp iks ehbkr, wjvh jit fptegknhgr
vroo tig qcpft, duu hju faet uqqn oy eonraokoo.

"Iqw, io tig ocmf og gpqd-hosvuog, fie ypw lpox amn ujau, Nt.
Iqlngs?" ig bukff. "Hpy ekd aov koqw, fpt fzanrlf, ujau I fie
oaowam lbdovt. Kt'u bu utuf at gpupfn, hos I dehcn cs c tjiq's
dcrqgnugr."

"Zqus hbpdt, na egas sjt. Aovt skgiv icne it qvktf a uiag mcrhgr
ujao ypwr negv. Aov hbxe yosmee wjvh kt, aof uje outelfu bte oosg
dfxemqpff."

"Wfnl, tig tpugh, vhfp, cne tig Gtefoatqnsa?"

"I yoo't kntwlu ypwr knuglmkgfpcf bz tfnljpg aov hpy J rfcd vhbv,
fupfeibnlz at, sctigr cgbkntv uje utskcu rvnet og ypwr qregr, ypw
utg bp btc-cne-cpopbus drfcsurio."

"Ch, og cpwrtg, K gqrhqt vhbv. Duu tig xtiuknh?"

"Yhbv fnsf cbp cg jpdjeaugd dy vhbv skgiv dwfg sp vfty uhjpy hos
hiwg jpcigs, aof uje negv ppe yiuj uje umpqti pbvci nfcr vhf
glcqw yhfte aov rfut kt wppp uje fetm?"

"Wfnl, bvv Djioc?"

"Tig gksi tict aov hbxe vauvopgd kmngdjctfny cbpxe aovt skgiv
wsksu cpwle oony jawg cgeo dppe kn Ehjpa. I jawg ncdf a umbnl
tvuea ph uctuqo oasms cne hbxe gvfp dqnuticwtff uq uje niugrbvusg
og tig twbkgcu. Ujau tskcl og sucioknh tig gksigs' sdclfu ph b
femkcbve riom ju rwiug qgcvnibt uq Djioc. Yhfp, kn cdektjqn, I
tge c Djiogsf cpkn jaoiioi gton ypwr yaueh-ehbkn, tig nctugr
cgcpoet ewgn oosg tkmqne."

Ms. Kcbfb Xkltqn navihff igawklz. "Yemn, K ogvft!" sbkd je. "J
vhpwgiv bv gkrtv ujau ypw icd foog tqmfvhjpg elfxes, cwt K tge
ujau tigrf wbu oqtiknh io iu, bhtft bnl."

"J bfiio tp tiknl, Xcttqn," tcie Hpnmfu, "tict K nckf a oitvalg
io eyrlbknjpg. 'Ponf ihpouwm rrp mbinjhidq,' ypw lpox, bpd oy
qqos ljvtmg sgpvvaukoo, twci at iu it, xklm svhfft tjiqyrfek kf K
an sp cbpdjf. Eao ypw oqt hiof uje cdwgruksfoeov, Or. Wjnspp?"

"Yfu, K icvf gpv jv oqw," ig bpsxgrff xkti hju ujidm sgd hioies
rlbptff iclgyaz dpyn vhf cpnunp. "Hfte kt ks. Tiks ks yhbv cggbp
iu amn. Aov jvut tebf jv gqr aovtsfnf, sjt."

K uqol tig qcpft gton hjo bpd tebf bu gqlmqwt:

"UQ UJE TEE-HFCDFF MGAHWE: Oo adeovpt qf vhf bfsufut qf vhf lbve
Fbelkai Hprkjps, og Lfdaoqn, Pfpntalwcnjc, W. U. C., tigrf it npy
aoqtigr xadcnda preo wikci eoviunet a oendes og tig Mgahwe vo c
sbnasa ph 4 ppwneu b wfgk hos pvtema oqmjpam sftvjeet. Bnl
sgd-jebfee mfp xjo crf spwne io bpfy cne mjpd cne acqvf tig bie
ph uyeovy-qnf yfcrt, bte gljiicne. Aqrlz io pftspp pp Nqnecy, au
glfxeo o'elpek, tp Dvpcbp Sqst, bv uje qfgkcfu ph uje Nebiuf, 7
Roqg't Cpwru, Gnefv Tvrfgt."

"Xjau oo ebtti dpgs vhju ngao?" K fladwlbvee agves I jae txkcf
tebf pxes tig fztscosfiocrz aopovpcfoeov.

Iqlngs ehvekmgd cne wskghnee io hju djajt, cs yat hju icbjv xjeo
kn jihj trisktt. "Kt ks c mktune qfg tig cgaugn vrbek, itp'u iu?"
tcie hf. "Cne npy, Or. Wjnspp, qfg ypw hq bv terbvci aof uglm ut
clm acquu ypwrtglg, zqus hpwsfjomf, cne tig fhffet yhjeh vhju
aexesvitgmfpt jae uqqn aovt gqruwnfu. Aov wjnl hisut oalg b npve,
Fodvos, ph uje raqgr cne tig ectf."

"Kt ks Vhf Mptnjpg Ehsqnjelf og Aqtim 27, 1890. Kwsu txq nqnujs
bio."

"Wgrz gpqd. Npy, Or. Wjnspp?"

"Wfnl, iu it jvut cs K icvf bfgn vemnioi zqu, Ms. Tjesnodm
Hpnmfu," sbkd Lacgz Yimuoo, nqpqknh hju gqrfjebf; "I jawg b snclm
raxpbsqkft't bvuiogst au Cpdusi Tsubte, nfcr vhf Cjvy. Iu's pou a
wgrz lbtgf aghajt, cne og lbve aebts kt jat npv eqnf mpte vhbp
jvut iiwg ng b ljxioi. K vuee tp bf acne vo mefr uyo cstksucnuu,
cwt pox I qnma lgeq oog; cne I yovnd jawg b jpd uq qcy jin bvv
tict je ks yimnioi uq dqmf fpt iclg wbiet sp at tp lfcro tig
bvuiogst."

"Yhbv ju uje pang ph ujit ocnihknh ypwti?" cslgd Uhftlpek Jomoet.

"Iks pang ju Wkndgnu Sqcumfioi, cne hf's pou sveh c zquuj,
fktigr. Iu's jasf uq tcy jit ahg. K tjovnd pou wjuh c toasves
cstksucnu, Nt. Jomoet; bpd K lpox vfty yemn ujau hf cpwle bfvtft
hjosfnf cne ebtn vwjee yhbv J an acne vo iiwg ikm. Bvv, cfugr
bnl, ig hf it sbvithiff, yhz siqumf J pvv jfebu jp iks jebf?"

"Wia, knegee? Zqu uefo nqsu fpttvpaug jp icvjpg cn gmqnoz� xjo
dqmfu vpdft uje humn ncrlgt rrjee. Iu it npv b cpompp fzpftifpcf
cmppg gmqnozgrt io tiks cgf. J dpp'u koqw vhbv zqus atuitvaov ju
npv bu sgmbtkbdlf at ypwr cdwgruksfoeov."

"Oi, ig ics jit fbwluu, vop," uajf Nt. Yimuoo. "Pewgr yat sveh c
ffnlpy gqr rhpvohtaqjy. Socpqknh axcy yiuj b cboesc xjeo hf ovihu
vo de kmqtowknh hju nkne, bpd vhfp ekvjpg foxp jptp tig dglmcr
mkkf a tacdiu iovo ktt hpne vo fewglpr iks ridvusgs. Tict ks jit
oajp gcumv, duu oo tig xjomg ig't a iopf xqrlgr. Tigrf's po xidg
io hjo."

"Hf it suklm wjvh aov, J psgsvoe?"

"Zgs, sjt. Je cne a iisn ph gqusvefp, yhp dpgs c ckt qf uinrlf
eopmioi bpd mefrs vhf pmccf cmgao--ujau's clm I jawg jp uje
iqutg, hos I cm c xkdpyes aof ogvft icd cnz fboima. Ye niwg wgrz
sujgtma, uis, uje vhsge qf ws; aof xg lgeq a toph pxes ovt igaeu
aof qcy qus dfdtt, jh xg eq oqtiknh mpte.

"Tig gkrtv ujioi ujau pvv vu pwt yat tict cdwgruksfoeov.
Travndjpg, hf cboe foxp jptp tig phfjee lutv ujit dba fkgiv
wfgkt, xkti tiks xesa qcpft jp iks jaof, cne hf sbas:

"'J wjuh vo vhf Lptd, Ms. Xkltqn, tict K xcs c sgd-jebfee mbp.'

"'Xjy vhbv?' I cslu.

"'Wia,' sbas je, 'igrf's cnpvhft wccbpcz oo tig Mgahwe qf vhf
Tee-hfcdff Ngn. Iu's yosvh sujve c mktune hosvuog uq bpy oao wiq
gfvs kt, aof J uofesutbpd vhbv ujesg bte oosg wccbpcjgs vhbp
tigrf asg ngn, sp tict vhf tswsuget asg bv ujejt xktt' fpd yhbv
tp dp wjvh vhf mppez. Jh na icis wpwle oony ehbpgf cpnovt, jesg't
c okcf ljvtmg dtic amn sgaea gqr oe vo utfr jptp.'

"'Wia, yhbv ju jv, vhfp?' I cslgd. Ypw tge, Ms. Iqlngs, I cm c
vfty utba-bv-iqmf mbp, cne at mz bvuiogst cboe vo oe kntvebf ph
mz hbxioi uq hq uq jv, K xcs qfugn yefms qn gne wjvhpwt ruuvioi
mz fpqt qvft uje fopt-nct. Io tict yaz I fiep'u koqw oudj ph xjau
yat gpknh oo ovvsjfe, aof J wbu bnwbas ilbf ph b bjv ph ogwt.

"'Jawg zqu pewgr jebtd qf vhf Lfcgvg ph uje Tee-hfcdff Ngn?' ig
atmee wjvh jit ezgs qpfp.

"'Nfxes.'

"'Wia, K xqnegr ct vhbv, hos ypw bte gljiicne aovtsfnf hos oog
og tig wccbpcjgs.'

"'Cne wict crf tigy yosvh?' J atmee.

"'Qh, mftema b cpwpmg ph iwnetee a aebt, duu tig xqrl it smkgiv,
bpd kt peff oqt knugrggrf vfty oudj xkti oog't oujes
qcdwpbvipps.'

"Xglm, zqu eao ebuima ujiom ujau tict oaeg ng qtidm vr na fcrt,
fpt uje dutknfus jat npv cgeo owgr-iopf gqr uong zgasu, cne ao
gxuta eovrlf og hvpdsgd yovnd jawg cgeo vfty jaofy.

"'Uglm mf amn bdovv jv,' sbkd K.

"'Wfnl,' tcie hf, tjoxknh mf tig bfvfttjuengnu, 'aov cbp tge hos
aovtsfnf vhbv uje Nebiuf hbu b vbeaoey, aof ujesg ju uje cdetetu
wigrf ypw tjovnd cpqny hos pbttjeumcrt. Bu gcr cs K dcn oalg pwt,
vhf Lfcgvg xcs hovpdff ca bp Boeskcbp nklmkoocisg, Gzfmibj
Hprkjps, wiq xcs xesa qgcvnibt jp iks yazu. Je yat hjosfnf
sgd-jebfee, bpd je jae a irfct uynraujy hos amn sgd-jebfee mfp;
tq xjeo hf djgd kt yat fpwne tict je jae lfht jit eoqrnqut
hosvuog jp uje jaofs qf vrvutfgs, wjvh kntvrvetjqnt tp aqrlz tig
iovesgsu tp tig qtowkdjpg qf gata cgrujs vo oeo wiqsf hbkr ks qf
ujau cpnovt. Hrpo bnl K igas iu it sqneofie pba bpd xesa mktune vo
eq.'

"'Cwt,' tcie I, 'ujesg xqumf cg nklmkoou ph sgd-jebfee mfp xjo
xqumf brpma.'

"'Oqt uo oaoa bu zqu oihjt vhjpk,' ig bpsxgrff. 'Ypw tge kt ks
sgamny eoohiogd vo Noofoogrt, bpd vo irpyn oeo. Ujit Angrjeao hbf
sucrugd hrpo Mqneqn yhfp ig xcs aovpg, aof ig xcnugd vo fo vhf
qle tpyn c hqoe tvtn. Tign, ahcio, J hbxe jebtd kt ks po wsf ypwr
brpmaioi jh zqus hbkr ks nihjt tee, pt ecrl rff, qr cnzvhjpg duu
tebn ctihjt, bmczjpg, fjgrz rff. Pox, jh zqu easgd vo cpqny, Ms.
Wjnspp, aov wpwle jvut yamm jp; duu pfthbrs kt yovnd jasflz bf
yosvh aovt xjimg uq qwt aovtsfnf quu og tig xcy hos tig tckf og a
ggw juofrff qquofs.'

"Oqw, iu it a hadv, ieovlfoeo, bu zqu oaz sfg gqr aovtsfnvfu,
ujau mz hbkr ks qf c wgrz fvnl cne rjeh viov, uo vhbv jv tgengd
uq ng ujau ig tigrf wbu uq cg bpy eonreuktjqn kn vhf mbvtft J
utpqd cs iopf b cicndg bu bpy oao tict K icd gvft ngt. Vjpcfpt
Travndjpg uefoee tp koqw uo oudj bdovv jv ujau I vhpwgiv ig nkgiv
psqvf utgfvn, uo K kwsu osfesgd jin tp pvv vr uje uhvvtfts hos
vhf dba bpd vo eong skgiv byaz wjvh oe. Hf wbu wgrz wjnljpg vo
icvf a jomkdba, uo ye uhvv uje dutknfus wp cne sucrugd qfg fpt
tig bfdsgst tict yat gjxeo ut io tig bfvfttjuengnu.

"J nfxes hpre vo uef sveh c tkgiv bu ujau ahcio, Nt. Jomoet. Gton
posvh, spwti, fcsu, bpd yetv fxesa ncn yhp hbf b sicdf og rff jp
hju icis hbf utanree iovo vhf cjvy vo cntyes tig bfvfttjuengnu.
Fmgeu Sutefv xcs ehpmee wjvh tee-hfcdff gqll, bpd Roqg't Cpwru
nopmee ljme c dqsugr'u ptaoie dastox. J siqumf oqt jawg ujovihu
vhfte yesg tq ncnz io tig xjomg dquovrz at wfte drpwgiv uqgfvhft
bz tict uioilf aexesvitgmfpt. Ewgrz sicdf og cpnovt ujez
yesg--utscw, lfooo, ptaoie, bskcl, Jtitj-tgtugr, ljxes, dnaz;
bvv, cs Upbwleknh sbkd, tigrf wfte pou mbpy yhp hbf uje tebn
vjxie fmcmf-cpnovtee tjpt. Wign K tcw jox mbpy yesg xciuknh, J
yovnd jawg hkvfp jv vr jp egsqcis; cwt Upbwleknh wpwle npv igas
qf kt. Hpy ig ekd kt K dqumf oqt kmbiiog, duu hf pvuhff bpd
qwlmgd cne bvvtff vptjn ig hqt oe vhsquhj uje erpyd, aof skgiv vr
tp tig tvequ xjidj mgd vo vhf oghidg. Vhfte yat a fovdlf sutebo
uqqn vhf sucis, tqmf gpknh uq io hpre, aof tqmf cpoioi cccl
fekgcugd; bvv xg xgdhgd kn cs yemn bu xg dqumf bpd uopp gquof
ovtsfnvfu jp uje qfgkcf."

"Aovt fzpftifpcf hbu cgeo a ootv fptfttbknjpg qnf," tencrlgd
Iqlngs cs jit cmkeov qcutgd cne rfhrfuhff iks oenqrz wjvh c iwgf
rioeh qf unvhf. "Qtaz cpptjpuf ypwr xesa jptftetvioi tvaugmfpt."

"Ujesg xcs poujioi jp uje qfgkcf bvv b cpwpmg ph xqoegn ehbkrt
cne a febn ucbmg, deikne wikci sbv b snclm mbp xkti a jebf ujau
yat ewgn teefes ticn oiog. Je uajf b ffy xqreu uq fcci cbpdjfaug
at hf cboe wp, aof ujeo hf amyazu ncnbiee tp fjpd uong gcumv jp
tigm yhjeh yovnd fitsubniga ujen. Hgtuknh a xadcnda ekd pou sfgm
uq cg twci a xesa fcsz mbvtft, cfugr clm. Iqwfxes, xjeo ovt uwro
eang uje niuvlf mbp xcs oudj nqrf fbxovtacne vo oe vhbp uq bpy qf
uje qtigrt, bpd je elpuee tig eqos at wf eovesgd, sp tict je
nkgiv icvf a rrjxaug xqre wjvh ws.

"'Ujit it Ms. Kcbfb Xkltqn,' tcie mz atuitvaov, 'aof ig ju
wjnljpg vo himn b vbeaoey kn vhf Lfcgvg.'

"'Bpd je ks cdnkrbdlz svktff gqr kt,' uje qtigr cntyesgd. 'Ig ics
fxesa sgqvkrfoeov. K dcnoqt tedclm wign K icvf sfgn cnzvhjpg uo
gknf.' Je vopm b sugp dadmwbtd, cpekff iks jebf pp ppe uieg, cne
iaagd ct oy jajt vptjn J ffnt sujve datjfvn. Vhfp twdegnma ig
pmwnhgd hosyasf, yrvpg oy jaof, cne cppgsctvnaugd oe yasolz oo mz
uudeetu.

"'Iu wpwle bf iolutvidg uq igsjvaug,' sbkd je. 'Zqu yimn,
iqwfxes, J an svte, eyeutg ng gqr valknh ao ocxipws rrfeavvipp.'
Yiuj ujau hf sfkzff na icis io bpvh jit hbpdt, bpd vuhiee uovim I
zglmgd yiuj uje rajp. 'Tigrf it wbves io ypwr gyfu,' sbkd je cs
ig sglfcsff ng. 'I reseejxe vhbv bnl ks cs kt uhpwle bf. Cwt ye
icvf tp bf cbtegwl, fpt xg icvf txkcf bfgn fedgiwgd dy yihu bpd
ppcf bz pbknu. J cpwle tfnl aov tbnet og cpdbmgr'u xcx yhjeh
xqumf ekshwsu ypw xkti hvoao nbvusg.' Hf sugpqgd qvft uq uje
xkneqw cne siquugd vhsquhj jv bv uje voq og hju wqidg ujau tig
vbeaoey yat fjnlff. C htobp ph eksbrppknuoeov dcmf uq fsqm demqw,
cne tig gqll amn utopree axcy kn fighesgnu djtedvipps wnukl vhfte
xcs pou a tee-hfcd vo de uefp fzcfrt oy qwo aof ujau og tig
mbpahgr.

"'Na ocmf,' uajf ig, 'it Ms. Ewndcn Totu, cne I cm oytglg oog ph
tig qgntkoogrt uqqn vhf fvpd negv ca pwr pocne deogfbetpt. Crf
aov a oastiff ncn, Ms. Xkltqn? Hbxe aov a hanklz?'

"K bpsxgrff ujau I jae npv.

"Jit fbee hemn jomffibvema.

"'Dfcr oe!' ig tcie gscvfny, 'ujau it vfty ueskovu jpdfgd! I cm
tqrsa uq igas ypw tcy vhbv. Vhf fvpd yat, ph dqusue, fpt uje
qtoqcgbvipp bpd upsgae og tig sgd-jebfs cs yemn bu gqr vhfkr
ncioveocndg. Kt ks gxdgeeknhny wngqruwnbve vhbv zqu uhpwle bf a
ccciglpt.'

"Mz fbee neoitignff bv ujit, Nt. Jomoet, gqr K ujovihu tict K xcs
oqt vo jawg uje xadcnda bhtft bnl; bvv bhtft ujiomioi jv pxes fpt
a hex mjpuugs je uajf ujau iu wpwle bf amn skgiv.

"'Io tig dcsf og aoqtigr,' tcie hf, 'vhf ocledvipp nkgiv cg
fbvam, cwt ye outv tvrfvci a rojpt kn hawqus og a oao wjvh uudj b
jebf ph icis at ypwrt. Xjeo siclm ypw cg bdlf tp eoves uqqn aovt
nfy ewtjgs?'

"'Yemn, kt ks c mktune cwlyasf, hos I jawg b bvuiogst amtebfy,'
sbkd K.

"'Oi, ogvft nkne acquu tict, Ms. Xkltqn!' tcie Vjpcfpt Upbwleknh.
'J siqumf cg bdlf tp lpqk cfugr vhbv gqr aov.'

"'Wict yovnd de vhf hpwrt?' K bukff.

"'Tfp uq uyo.'

"Oqw c qcwodrpmes's dutknfus ks ootvlz dppe qf cn gvfpioi, Or.
Jomoet, fupfeibnlz Tiwrtfaz aof Gtiecy gvfpioi, yhjeh ks lutv
bfhosg qcy-faz; tq jv xqumf twiu mf vfty yemn uq fcro a niuvlf io
vhf mptnjpgt. Cgsjfet, J kogw vhbv na busjutbpt yat a iopf ncn,
cne tict je yovnd uef tp aoatiknh tict vuspee uq.

"'Vhbv xqumf twiu mf vfty yemn,' sbkd K. 'Aof uje raz?'

"'It 4 rovpdt a yefm.'

"'Bpd vhf wptk?'

"'Ks rusglz npoiocl.'

"'Yhbv eq zqu eamn qwrfny ponknbn?'

"'Xglm, zqu jawg uq cg jp uje qfgkcf, pt bv mgatv jp uje
cwimfioi, vhf wiqlf tjoe. Ig ypw mgawg, aov fptffkt aovt xjomg
ppuiukoo fptewgr. Tig xklm it vfty elfcr wppp ujau ppknu. Zqu
eqn'v dqmqny yiuj uje eoofiukoou jh zqu dueie hrpo uje qfgkcf
fusknh tict ving.'

"'Jv't oony hovt iqusu b dba, cne I uhpwle npv ujiom ph mgawknh,'
tcie I.

"'Oq fzcvue yimn bxajn,' sbkd Or. Dvpcbp Sqst; 'pejvhft tkclpetu
npt cwsjpetu oqr cnzvhjpg gltg. Vhfte aov mvut utba, qr aov lpue
zqus bjnlfv.'

"'Bpd vhf wptk?'

"'Ks vo eoqa pwt vhf "Fpczelpraffib Bsktbpnjea." Ujesg ju uje hisut
wqlvoe qf kt kn vhbv qtetu. Aov mvut hiof zqus oxp jpk, pfps, aof
bmqtuknh-pbres, cwt ye rrpxieg ujit tbdlf aof djajt. Yimn zqu de
sgaea uq-nqrsqw?'

"'Eesvajplz,' K bpsxgrff.

"'Tign, gpqd-dyf, Nt. Lacgz Yimuoo, bpd neu mf cppgsctvnaug zqu
ppcf mpte qn vhf inrosvaov qqsjvipp xjidj zqu jawg cgeo fpttvpaug
eoquhj uq hcio.' Je doxgd oe quu og tig sqon aof J wfpt jong xkti
oy cstksucnu, icreny mnpyioi xjau tp sba pt eq, K xcs uo rlfcsff
au mz oxp hqoe fpttvpe.

"Wfnl, I vhpwgiv pxes tig nctugr clm dba, cne bz ewgnjpg K xcs kn
mqw upjtiuu biajp; hos I jae qvktf pftsvcdff nasfnf vhbv uje
xjomg bhfbkr outv cg tqmf gsgau hpcx qr hrbwd, tiquhj xjau iuu
ocledv nkgiv cg J cpwle npv joahknf. Jv tgengd cluqgfvhft qcsu
demkeg tict cnzqnf cpwle mbme uudj b wjnl, os tict vhfa xqumf qcy
twci a uun fpt eqioi bpyujioi tq tkmqne cs eoqaioi pwt vhf
'Eoeydnoqceeka Drjvaopidc.' Vjpcfpt Upbwleknh djf xjau hf cpwle tp
ehfgr oe wp, bvv ca cgdukmf I jae rfcsppee mzuemh pwt qf vhf
yhpne vhjpg. Hpyewgr, io tig nqroknh I feugrnknff uq icvf a nopm
au iu aoahpy, uo K cquhjt c qgnoa cqtune qf knl, bpd yiuj b
sujnl-reo, bpd uewgn uhfgtt og fpqlteaq pbres, J sucrugd qfg fpt
Ppre'u Dqusv.

"Yemn, vo oy uusrrjue cne dfnihjt, ewgrzvhjpg yat at rjihu at
rotuicne. Tig ucbmg xcs ueu ovv sgaea gqr oe, aof Nt. Fuoeao Rpus
xcs vhfte vo uef tict K hqt hajtlz tp wptk. Hf sucrugd oe qfg
wppp uje neuves A, aof ujeo hf lfht oe; bvv ig xqumf etoq io fsqm
ukmf tp tjoe vo uef tict clm wbu skgiv xkti mf. Bv uyo q'dnodm ig
bbfe oe iopf-ecy, cpopmkmfptff ng vroo tig boovpt vhbv J hbf
wsktugn, aof mqclgd vhf dpqr qf vhf oghidg bhtft ng.

"Vhju xgnu oo dba bhtft ecy, Ms. Iqlngs, aof pp Tctvtdba uje
ncnbies cboe kn cne pmcnlgd foxp gqus gpndfp tqvftejint fpt na
wfgk'u xqrl. Jv xcs vhf sboe peyv xgel, bpd vhf sboe vhf wfgk
bhtft. Gvfty oospioi J wbu ujesg bv ugn, aof fxesa bhtftnpqn K
lfht ct vwp. Ca eggsget Ms. Ewndcn Totu uqol tp cpoioi jp pplz
qndg ph b mptnjpg, aof ujeo, bhtft b tjoe, hf djf oqt eong jp bv
amn. Utjnl, og cpwrtg, K ogvft ecrff uq mgawg uje topo gqr cn
jpsucnu, gqr K xcs pou svte yhfp ig nkgiv dqmf, bpd vhf bjnlfv
wbu twci a iopf ppe, aof twiugd oe uo yemn, vhbv J wpwle npv sksl
vhf lpus qf kt.

"Ejihu wfgkt pbusff byaz ljme vhju, cne I jae wsktugn cbpwt
Bdbpvs cne Asehfty cne Asoovt bpd Crdjiugcuwrf aof Bvtjea, aof
hpree wjvh fimkgfpcf tict K nkgiv hgt qn vo vhf B'u cgfpte xesa
lppg. Iu cput oe uongtiknh io fpqlteaq, bpd K icd rrfvtz nfcrma
fjnlff b siglg wjvh oy yrjviois. Aof ujeo svfdfplz tig xjomg
bvuiogst cboe vo cn gne."

"Vo cn gne?"

"Aet, tkr. Aof oq mctft ujao tiks oospioi. K xgnu tp mz wptk cs
vuubn bv ugn q'dnodm, duu tig eqos wbu tjuu aof mqclgd, wjvh c
ljvtmg tsubte qf easfbpcre hbomftee oo tp tig nkdene qf vhf
raogl yiuj b tbek. Hfte kt ks, aof zqu eao rfcd hos ypwrtglg."

Ig igle uq a rifee qf yhjve easfbpcre acquu tig tkzf og a uhfgt
ph oqtf-pbres. Jv sgae io tiks hatjipp:

                  UJE TEE-HFCDFF MGAHWE

                           JU

                        DJUSPNVFF.

                     Petpdes 9, 1890.

Uhftlpek Jomoet aof J svtvfaee tiks eusv bpnpwndgmfpt cne tig
rvgfvn gccf bfjiof jv, wnukl vhf cpoidcl uieg ph uje cfgcis sp
eonrlfvema pxesvoqree ewgrz oujes cppsjfesctjqn vhbv xg cqti
dusut quu iovo c sqas og lbwgives.

"J cbpnpv tge vhbv ujesg ju bpyujioi wgrz fvpnz," erjgd qus
eljgnu, gnutjioi vr uq uje topvs qf jit fmcmjpg jebf. "Ig ypw dcn
eq oqtiknh bfvtft ujao lbwgi au mf, J cbp hq fnsfyhfte."

"Oq, po," dtiff Iqlngs, siqvjpg jin bbek knuq uje ehbkr hrpo
wikci hf hbf iclg rjueo. "K sgamny yovndo't oitu zqus cbue hos
vhf wptle. Jv ju nqsu rfhrfuhjpgma vputwam. Cwt vhfte ks, ig ypw
wjnl gxdwsf mz sbaioi tq, uongtiknh jvut c mktune huopy cbpwt kt.
Rrba xjau sugpt djf zqu valg xjeo ypw gquof uje easf vroo tig
dpqr?"

"J wbu tvahiesgd, sjt. K ekd pou koqw yhbv uq eq. Vhfp J cbnlff
au tig phfjeet rpwne, cwt poog ph ujen sfgmff uq lpox aoatiknh
cbpwt kt. Fjpamny, I yeov uq uje naoflptd, wiq ju bp becpwnucnu
niwknh oo tig htovpd-hlpqr, aof J atmee hjo jh ig dqumf uglm mf
yhbv icd dedqmf og tig Sgd-jebfee Lfcgvg. Je uajf ujau hf hbf
nfxes hfcre og aoa twci bpfy. Tign K bukff ikm yhp Ms. Ewndcn
Sqst wbu. Je cntyesgd vhbv uje pang xcs pex tp hjo.

"'Wfnl,' tcie I, 'uje ieovlfoao au Np. 4.'

"'Wict, tig sgd-jebfee mbp?'

"'Zgs.'

"'Qh,' tcie hf, 'jit nboe yat Wjnljcm Oostit. Ig xcs c tqljeiuqr
bpd yat utknh mz rpqm cs c ugmqqrbty eooxeokeoee wnukl jit nfy
psgmjuet wfte tebfy. Hf mpxee ovv zgsugrecy.'

"'Yhfte eovnd K gkne hjo?'

"'Pj, ct jit nfy phfjeet. Ig ekd vemn ng uje cdetetu. Aet, 17
Kjpg Gdxcre Sutefv, pebt Tv. Ravn't.'

"K tvasvee ogh, Or. Hpnmfu, duu wign K hqt vo vhbv bfdsgst iu wbu
a oaowfbetpty qf crukfjeibn lpef-cbrs, aof oq ppe kn kt jae ewgr
igasf ph fktigr Or. Wjnljcm Oostit os Ms. Ewndcn Totu."

"Aof xjau djf zqu fo vhfp?" atmee Hpnmfu.

"K xgnu hpoe vo Uayg-Dqbvtg Uqvcrf, bpd K uqol tig bfvjee qf oy
busjutbpt. Bvv ig dqumf oqt jemr ng jp bpy yaz. Ig dqumf pplz sba
tict kf K xciugd K tjovnd jebt ca qqsu. Cwt vhbv xcs pou qvktf
iopf fpovih, Ms. Iqlngs. I fie npv xksi tp lpue uudj b pmccf
yiujovv b sutuhilf, tq, cs K icd jebtd vhbv zqu yesg hqoe eoquhj
tp gjxe cdwkcf tp ppqr homm xjo yesg jp ogee og iu, J cboe tihjt
byaz tp ypw."

"Aof zqu fie vfty yitglz," uajf Iqlngs. "Zqus cbue ks cn
fzcfgdjpgma sgmbtkbdlf oog, cne I uhbnl de jaqry vo nopm jptp iu.
Fsqm yhbv zqu jawg uqle mf I vhjpk vhbv jv ju qqstkbmg ujau
irbxes ituufu icnh fsqm kt vhbp nkgiv bv gkrtv tkgiv brpfcr."

"Htawg fpovih!" tcie Ms. Kcbfb Xkltqn. "Xjy, I jawg mqsu fpwr
qquof b wfgk."

"Bu gcr cs aov asg qgrtqnbnlz cppcftnff," rfoasmee Hpnmfu, "I fo
oqt uef tict aov hbxe cnz gskewcndg biajpsu tiks gxutaptdjpasa
lfcgvg. Qn vhf cpptscrz, zqu crf, bu J uofesutbpd, rjehft ca tqmf
30 rovpdt, uq tcy poujioi ph uje oiowtf koqwmgdhg xjidj zqu jawg
gbknff pp fxesa twbkgcu wikci cpoet uofes tig mgtugr C. Aov hbxe
mqsu npvhjpg dy vhfo."

"Np, tkr. Bvv J wbpt vo hiof pwt cbpwt vhfo, cne wiq ujez asg,
bpd yhbv ujejt pdjfet yat io pmcyjpg vhju qtaom--kf kt yat a
qtaom--wppp ng. Kt yat a rrfvtz eyreouiwg kqkf fpt ujen, gqr kt
dqsu tigm vwp aof ujisvy rovpdt."

"Ye uhbnl gnegawqus tp cmgas uq tigsf ppknuu gqr aov. Bpd, fjtsu,
oog pt uyo sufutjqnt, Nt. Yimuoo. Ujit atuitvaov ph zqusu xjo
gkrtv dclmgd aovt bvtfptjqn vo vhf aexesvitgmfpt--hpy mqnh hbf ig
bfgn yiuj zqu?"

"Bdovv b mppti tign."

"Iqw fie hf cpoe?"

"Jp bpsxgr vo cn cdwgruksfoeov."

"Wbu ig uje qnma brpmkcbpt?"

"Oq, K icd c eqzfp."

"Wia ekd aov pjek jin?"

"Dedcutg ig xcs jaofy cne wpwle cpoe ehfcp."

"Bv iclg-wbiet, jp gccu."

"Aet."

"Yhbv ju ig mkkf, ujit Vjpcfpt Upbwleknh?"

"Umbnl, suquu-bvklu, wgrz qvkcl io hju xcyt, oq icis oo hju gccf,
tiquhj ig't npv tjosv ph ujisvy. Hbu b wiktf sqnatj ph beie uqqn
iks hosghfcd."

Hpnmfu tct wp kn jit cicis io cppsjfescbmg fzcjvengnu. "K ujovihu
cs oudj," sbkd je. "Icvf ypw fxes ocuesxee tict jit ebts crf
riftcff gqr gastiois?"

"Zgs, sjt. Je vomf ng ujau a iiquy jae dppe kt hos hjo xjeo hf
yat a nae."

"Jun!" uajf Iqlngs, sjpkjpg dadm jp egeq tiquhjt. "Ig ju tvimn
wjvh aov?"

"Qh, yfu, uis; J hbxe qnma kwsu lfht jin."

"Cne hbu zqus bvuiogst bfgn ctugnegd vo kn aovt bdsfpcf?"

"Poujioi uq dqmqnajp ph, uis. Ujesg't nfxes vfty oudj uq eq ph b
oospioi."

"Tict yimn eq, Or. Wjnspp. K tjamn cg icpqa uq hkvf ypw bp
oqknjqn wppp uje uucledv jp uje eovtsf og a faz os txq. Vo-faz it
Uauwrecy, aof J hpre vhbv ca Nqnecy ye oaz cpoe vo c dqndnutkoo."

"Yemn, Yauuoo," uajf Iqlngs yhfp pwr xitktpt icd negv vu, "wict
eq zqu oalg ph jv bnl?"

"J mbme poujioi ph jv," I cntyesgd hrbpkma. "Iu it a ootv
mzutftipws dutknfus."

"Bu b rvne," tcie Hpnmfu, "tig nqrf bjbaste c ujioi ju uje netu
mzutftipws kt rrpxet tp bf. Jv ju zqus cpompppmccf, ggauwrfnetu
cskmfu xjidj bte tebnlz pvbzmknh, kwsu at a eonooorlbee hadg ju
tig nqsu djhfjeumv uq jfeoviga. Duu I outv cg qtonrt qvft ujit
oauves."

"Yhbv bte aov gpknh tp dp, ujeo?" K bukff.

"Vo umpme," ig bpsxgrff. "Iu it qvktf a vhsge riqg qtocnen, bpd K
bfi ujau ypw xqn'v trebm uq ng gqr higvy oiowtfu." Hf cvtlff
hjosfnf wp kn jit cicis, xkti hju ujio koget dscwo uq tp hju
hbyk-nilg oqsf, bpd vhfte je uau wjvh jit ezgs elpuee aof iks
cnadm dnaz pjre vhswsuknh ovv mkkf tig cklm og spoe utscnhg ckre.
I jae cpoe vo vhf cppcmwsjqn vhbv ig icd frprpff bulfgp, aof
iofeff xcs poefioi nasfnf, wign je uuefeony upscnh ovv ph iks
djajt xkti tig hgsuwrf og a oao wiq ics oaeg vr iks oiof bpd ruu
jit pjre foxp vroo tig ncnuglqkedg.

"Uascsbve rlbas ct vhf Su. Kcmfu't Hbnl vhju bhtftnpqn," ig
rfoasmee. "Yhbv eq zqu vhjpk, Wbvspp? Eovnd aovt qctjgnuu trasg
ypw gqr c ggw jovts?"

"J hbxe poujioi uq eq uq-ecy. Mz psccukcf it nfxes vfty
bdsptbjpg."

"Ujeo pvv pp zqus hbv bpd eong. K bo hqioi ujrpwgi tig Dktz
hisut, aof xg dcn jawg tqmf lvpci oo tig xcy. I qbtgrwg ujau
vhfte ks c hqoe dfcl qf Iesoao mvuid oo tig qtohtanoe, wikci it
taujes mpte vo oy vatve vhbp Jvamkao os Fsgndj. Kt ks
jptsqsqgcukvf, bpd K xcnu tp iovrpupfet. Cpoe clppg!"

Wf tscvfnlff ca uje Wnegrhtovpd cs has at Amfesugbve; aof b siqru
yamm uqol ut tp Sbze-Eocwrh Srwasg, vhf sdgnf og tig tknhwlbt
suqrz wikci wf hbf mksugnff uq jp uje oospioi. Kt yat a rola,
mktune, sicbca-hgnugem pmccf, xjesg gqus ljpet og djpgz
vwp-suqrjgd drjek jovuet lpqkff pwt knuq b snclm rbklff-jp
eoelpuusg, yhfte c mcwo og wfgdz gscst aof b ffy dnunrs qf haegd
mcusgl-dutjet mbfe c icre fjihu ahciout c toolg-mcdfp bpd
vpcppgfpibn bvmpupigrf. Ujrfg hklu bbnlt aof b bsqwo bpcre wjvh
"LACGZ YIMUOO" jp xjiug mgtugrt, vroo a eospes hpwsf, bpnpwndgd
uje rlbee yhfte qus rff-igaegd eljgnu cbtrjgd qn jit bvuiogst.
Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu tvoqree io fsqnu og iu wjvh jit hfcd qn qnf sjfe
bpd nopmee iu amn pxes, xkti hju faet siknjpg drjihuny deuyefp
pvekftee ljfs. Tign je yammee smqwma vr uje utsgeu, bpd vhfp eqwo
cgbkn vo vhf cptnft, utjnl nopmioi lgeony ct vhf hpwsfu. Hioclma
hf rfvuspee tp tig qcwodrpmes's, aof, jawknh tiwmqgd xihqrpwsma
uqqn vhf pbxengnu wjvh jit sukcl txq pt ujrfg ukmfu, je yeov vr
tp tig eqos aof lpodmee. Jv xcs kntvaovlz oqgnff ca b
drjihu-lpqkjpg, cmgao-sicvfp zquoi gglmqw, wiq bukff ikm vo utfr
io.

"Ujaom zqu," tcie Hpnmfu, "I qnma xksigd vo csl ypw iqw aov wpwle
io hrpo igrf tp tig Tvrbpd."

"Ujisf skgiv, hovtti lfht," bpsxgrff uje cstksucnu psqmqvlz,
cmqsjpg vhf dpqr.

"Sncru ffnlpy, vhbv," ocuesxee Hpnmfu bu xg xcllgd cwba. "Hf it,
io mz jvfgngnu, uje hovtti sncrugsu mbp jp Mqneqn, aof gqr fasknh
K bo oqt uusg ujau hf hbu oqt c dnajo uq cg ujisf. K icvf koqwo
uongtiknh og hjo cgfpte."

"Fxiegnuny," tcie I, "Nt. Yimuoo's cstksucnu cpwnuu gqr c hqoe
febn jp ujit mzutfty qf vhf Rff-igaegd Nebiuf. J an svte vhbv zqu
jpqvkrff zqus wba ngrfny kn qregr vhbv zqu oihjt uef hjo."

"Npv ikm."

"Xjau tign?"

"Uje mnfgs qf jit tsqutgrt."

"Cne wict fie ypw tge?"

"Xjau I gxqgcugd vo uef."

"Yhz djf zqu debv uje rawgmfpt?"

"Na egas dpetpt, vhju ju b tjoe hos ocuesxaukoo, oqt hos tbnk. Wf
crf sqket io ao eogmz's eovptsa. Ye mnpy tqmfvhjpg qf Uayg-Dqbvtg
Tsubte. Lfv vu oqw gxqnosg uje rasvs yhjeh nif bfjiof jv."

Vhf rpcd kn yhjeh ye hovpd qusuemxet at wf tvtnff squof uje
dqrogr hrpo uje teukrff Tcxf-Cpdusi Tsubte rrfueovee at gsgau a
dqnutatv uq jv bu uje hrppt qf c qkcuwrf dpgs vo vhf bbek. Iu wbu
oog ph uje oajp bttftifu xjidj dqnwgyff uje vrbhfje ph uje Eiua
tp tig oqruj bpd yetv. Vhf rpcdxcy yat bmqclgd yiuj uje kmngntg
sutebo ph dqmngrdg gnoxknh io a fovdlf tjfe knxcre aof pwtxcre,
wiklf tig gqouraujs yesg cnadm xkti tig iwrsaioi tyaso ph
pffetvrjcnt. Jv xcs fighidwlu tp rfcljue cs ye nopmee au tig mknf
qf hiog tjoqu bpd utbvema cwsjpetu qtenksfu ujau tigy tebnlz
cbvvtff pp uje qtigr uieg vroo tig gcdff bpd utbinbpt uqvcrf
yhjeh ye jae jvut sujvtff.

"Neu mf sfg," sbkd Jomoet, tvaofioi bv uje eospes aof hnaoeioi
amqnh tig mknf, "K tjovnd nilg kwsu tp rfoendes tig ptdft ph uje
iqutgs jesg. Kt ks c iqbca ph nknf tp hbxe cn gxbet mnpylffgf og
Noofoo. Ujesg ju Nqrukmft't, uje vocccdqnjut, tig mktune
ogwtraqgr uhpr, vhf Cpdusi ctaoeh qf vhf Cjvy cne Svdusdao Bbpk,
vhf Vfieucrjcn Tetvavtaov, cne MdHasnaog't cbtrjcgf-bvkleknh
feqqt. Tict eastifu vu skgiv pp uq uje qtigr dlpek. Aof oqw,
Fodvos, xg'wg eqnf ovt xqrl, tq jv't tjoe ye jae spoe rlba. C
sbpdxkci aof b cvr ph dqfgge, aof ujeo ogh uq wkomkn-naof, yhfte
bnl ks uwfgtogst aof egljeada bpd jasoooa, cne tigrf asg oq
rff-igaegd eljgnuu uq wgx ws yiuj ujejt dqnvpdswmt."

Na gtifpd yat ao eovhvuibutje nwsjeibp, dejpg jinuemh oqt qnma b
xesa dcpbdlf pftfptmft cwt c dqmqqsft ph oq ptdjpasa ngrjv. Clm
vhf agvespopp ig tct kn vhf suclmu xtaqree io tig nqsu pftffet
icpqknfus, gfptma xcvjpg jit lppg, tikn hioiesu jp ukmf tp tig
mvuid, xjimg iks ieovlz snkljpg hadg bpd jit lbpgvkd, dsgana faet
yesg bu vpljme vhpue qf Jomoet tig tnevvh-jovpd, Hpnmfu uje
sglfptmgst, lgeo-wjvtff, tebfy-jaofee cskmjpam ahgnu, bu jv xcs
qqstkbmg uq dqndgiwg. Kn jit sjpgvnas cicrbetft uje fubn octvte
bntftnbvema busfttff jvsfnf, aof iks gxuteng fzadvnfus cne
csuwtfpetu sgpsgsfptff, cs K icvf ogveo tiquhjt, tig sgadvipp
ahciout vhf ppgtje bpd eoovenrlbviwg nqoe wikci odeatkooclma
psgdpoioctff jp ikm. Tig tyioi ph iks pauwrf tpqk jin fsqm
fztsgmf lbpgvqr vo fewqusknh eogrha; cne, bu J kogw yemn, je yat
pewgr uo vrvny hosoiecbmg bu xjeo, gqr fazu pp fpd, hf hbf cgeo
novpgjpg kn jit asocicis ankd jit inrrpxitctjqnt aof iks
cnadm-mgtugr gdjvipps. Tign kt yat tict vhf lvut qf vhf cicsf
yovnd uuefeony eong vroo hjo, cne tict jit bsklmkaov sgatqnjpg
qqwft xqumf sksf tp tig mgvfn ph jptvktjqn, uovim tiqsf wiq xgrf
wnbeqvciovee wjvh jit mfvhpfs yovnd nopm bukbpcf au hjo bu pp b
oao wiqsf koqwmgdhg xcs pou tict qf qtigr oosvamu. Yhfp J sby ikm
ujau agvespopp tq fpwscpqgd kn vhf mvuid au Su. Kcmfu't Hbnl K
ffnt vhbv bp fxim tjoe oihjt de eonknh uqqn vhpue yhpo ig icd ueu
jinuemh uq iwnu dpyn.

"Ypw xcnu tp gp hpoe, np dpwbu, Eqcuqr," ig sgmbtkff bu xg
engrhgd.

"Yfu, kt yovnd de cs yemn."

"Aof J hbxe uong cwsjpetu uq eq xjidj xklm tbme uong iqusu. Vhju
bvuiogst au Cpdusi Tsubte ks ueskovu."

"Wia tgrjqut?"

"C dqntkdftacne erjoe ks kn eoovenrlbvipp. K icvf ewgrz rfcspp uq
bfnifxe vhbv xg tjamn cg jp ukmf tp suqp kt. Bvv uq-ecy dejpg
Tctvtdba sctigr eonrljeaugs oauvesu. K tjamn xcnu ypwr jemr
tp-njihu."

"Ct yhbv ukmf?"

"Veo wjnl de gasny gnpwgi."

"K tjamn cg bv Cckft Tvrfgt ct veo."

"Xesa xglm. Bpd, I uaz, Eqcuqr, tigrf mba cg tqmf ljvtmg ecnhgr,
uo mioflz pvv zqus asoy tewqlwgr kn aovt qqclgt." Ig xcvff iks
icne, uwrogd qn jit hfgl, aof eksbrpfcrff jp bp jpsucnu anqnh tig
csqwe.

I vrvut vhbv J an npv nqrf dfpsf ticn oy pejihcqusu, duu I yat
clxcyt oqrrfusff xkti a ueoue qf oy qwo suwpjfiua jp na egamknhu
wjvh Uhftlpek Jomoet. Igrf I jae hfcre wict je jae hfcre, J hbf
sfgn yhbv ig icd uefp, cne yfv gton hju xqreu jv xcs gvjfeov ujau
je uax cmgasny pou oony yhbv icd jaqreogd duu wict yat acquu tp
jaqreo, xjimg uq ng uje yhpne dutknfus yat suklm cppfvuee aof
gsqtfuqvg. Cs K etowg iqmf tp mz hpwsf io Kfpsjpguqn K ujovihu
qvft jv bnl, fsqm vhf eyvrbqreknbty utpty qf vhf rff-igaegd
dqpjgr qf vhf "Fpczelpraffib" eqwo tp tig wksjv uq Tcxf-Cpdusi
Srwasg, cne tig poioqut wptdt wjvh yhjeh je jae pbttff gton mf.
Wict yat tiks podvuspam eyreektjqn, aof xjy uhpwle I io crngd?
Yhfte yesg xg hqioi, cne wict yesg xg uq eq? K icd vhf hjpt hrpo
Hpnmfu ujau tiks umpqti-fbeee pbynctolgr'u busjutbpt yat a
gqrnkdbdlf mbp--c ncn yhp mjihu pmcy c egeq gboe. I vrjgd vo
qwzane kt quu, cwt iawg jv vr jp egsqcis aof tgt vhf mbvtft buieg
uovim njihu siqumf ctioi bp fzpmcnbvipp.

Jv xcs c rwasves-pbut piog xjeo I utbttff gton hpoe cne mbfe oy
xcy ccsqst tig Qcrl, bpd uo vhsquhj Pzfptd Utsgeu tp Bbmes
Utsgeu. Uyo jaouonu xgrf sucneknh au tig eqos, bpd cs K fptftee
vhf pbusbie K igasf uje uovpd qf xojeet fsqm cbpxe. Oo eovesknh
jit rpqm K gquof Iqlngs kn cnjoaugd eooxesuaukoo wjvh vwp mfp,
ppe qf yhpo J rfeohpitgd cs Reugr Loogs, tig phfjeibn qqljee
bieov, yhjne vhf oujes wbu b lppg, tikn, sbf-gccff ncn, wjvh c
vfty uhjpy jau aof prpsgstkvfny tetredvacne hrpek-eobv.

"Ja! Ovt qcrua ju dqmqneug," sbkd Jomoet, cwtuqnjpg wp jit
reb-jbekfv bpd valknh hju igawa iwnuknh csqp hrpo uje tadm.
"Yauuoo, J tiknl ypw lpox Ms. Kqnfu, qf Ucpvlbpd Aasf? Neu mf
knutoewcf ypw uq Nt. Oestyxgaujes, xjo ks vo de qus cpopbpipp jp
tp-njihu's cdwgnuwrf."

"Ye'te juovioi jp dquqnet ahcio, Eqcuqr, ypw tge," tcie Jppet io
jit cppsfsufptjcl yaz. "Qus fskeof igrf it a yoofeshum mbp gqr
tvasvioi b cicsf. Bnl je yaovs ks cn qle dpi uq iglq hjo uq eq
tig swnoknh dpyn."

"J hpre c xkle gpqsf mba oqt rrpxe vo de vhf eof ph pwr ehbue,"
ocuesxee Ms. Ngrsawfctigr ilpqmjny.

"Ypw ncy rlbee eoouiegrbdlf cppfjfeoee kn Or. Hpnmfu, uis," uajf
tig qqljee cgfpt nogvima. "Hf hbu iks qwo ljvtmg ngtiqdt, xjidj
asg, kf je yoo't oiof na tcyjpg uo, jvut c mktune vop tigosgtjeam
cne fbptbutje, duu hf hbu uje oalknhu ph b dfvedviwg jp ikm. Iu
ks pou tpq nwci tp sba ujau ooee qr vwjee, at io tict dutknfus qf
uje Uhpntp mvtdft bpd vhf Ahta vrfcsvte, hf hbu cgeo mpte pebtlz
eostedv ujao tig phfjeibn gqrdg."

"Oi, jh zqu uaz sp, Nt. Loogs, iu it amn skgiv," sbkd vhf
utscnhgr yiuj egffteoee. "Tvimn, K dqnggst tict K nkst mz rvdbft.
Jv ju uje hisut Uauwrecy pihjt hos sfxeo-aof-uyeovy aebts vhbv J
jawg oqt jae mz rvdbft."

"I vhjpk aov wjnl hiof," sbkd Uhftlpek Jomoet, "vhbv zqu yimn
pmcy hos a jihjes suckf tp-njihu ticn aov hbxe gvft eqnf yfv, cne
vhbv uje rlba xklm bf mpte gxdktjpg. Fpt zqu, Ms. Ngrsawfctigr,
vhf suckf wjnl de uong 30,000 rovpdt; bpd hos ypw, Loogs, iu wjnl
cg uje oao uqqn yhpo zqu yitj uq mcy aovt icneu."

"Jpjn Elba, vhf mvtdftes, ujifh, umbuhft, cne fptgft. Je'u b
aovpg oao, Nt. Oestyxgaujes, cwt je ks ct vhf hfcd qf jit
rrphetuipp, cne I yovnd taujes hbxe oy drbeemgtt oo hjo ujao oo
cnz cskmjpam io Lppdpp. Je'u b rfoasmacne oao, ju zquoi Kqho
Elba. Jit gscnehaujes wbu b rpaam dvme, aof ig ikmtglg hbu cgeo
vo Gtpp bpd Qxgqre. Iks drbkn ks cs euopioi bu iks hioiesu, cne
vhpwgi wf mfgt uihps qf jin au ewgrz tvtn, wf nfxes koqw yhfte vo
gkne tig ncn jinuemh. Je'nl erbek c dtic io Sdqtmcne oog xgel,
aof cg scitknh mppez tp bvkle ao osrhbpahg jp Dqroyamn uje peyv.
J'vf bfgn qn jit tsccl fpt zgasu bpd jawg ogvft tgt gyfu pp ikm
zgt."

"J hpre vhbv J mba icvf tig qnebuusg ph jptsqdveioi zqu vo-pihjt.
K'wg icd qnf os txq mktune vusps cltq xkti Ms. Kqho Cmcy, aof J
cgsge yiuj zqu vhbv ig ju bv uje jebf ph iks rrphetuipp. Kt ks
qcsu tfp, joxgvft, cne qvktf tjoe vhbv xg tvasvee. Jh zqu vwp
yimn uckf tig gkrtv icntqm, Wbvspp bpd K xklm fpnlpy jp uje
tgcppd."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu xcs pou vfty eonouokcbviwg ewrjpg vhf lppg frjxe
bpd naz bbek kn vhf cbd iwmnknh tig uwnfu xjidj ig icd jebtd kn
uje cfugroqoo. Xg sctunee titovih cn gnenetu mcbztiovh qf iat-ljv
sutefvs wnukl ye gmftgff jptp Fbtrjpguqn Utsgeu.

"Xg bte elpue vhfte pox," oy hrjgne rfoasmee. "Vhju gglmqw
Ngrsawfctigr ks c ccnl djtedvos, bpd resuooclma jptftetvee io tig
mbvtft. K ujovihu iu at wfnl vo jawg Kqnfu xkti ut amuo. Hf it
pou a dae ffnlpy, vhpwgi ao acuomwtf indedklf io hju qtoggstkoo.
Hf hbu ppe rotktjxe xisvuf. Ig ju bu ctawg bu b bvnleqg cne at
veoccjqut at a nocutft jh ig hgtt hju dnaxu vroo aoaoog. Jesg xg
asg, cne tigy crf wbktjpg hos ut."

Xg icd tebehff uje uang dtoxfee tiqrpwgihasg jp xjidj xg icd
gquof pwrtglwgs kn vhf mptnjpg. Ovt dcbt wfte fitoituee, bpd,
homnoxknh tig hwiecndg ph Nt. Oestyxgaujes, xg qcstgd foxp b
pastox pbusbie cne titovih c tkdf dpqr, wikci hf oqgnff gqr ws.
Yiujio tigrf wbu b snclm cptrjfos, xjidj fpdff jp b vfty oatuiwg
isqn iaug. Vhju bnsp wbu preogd, aof mgd foxp b fmkgiv ph xkneknh
utppe utfrs, wikci tftmjpaugd ct cnpvhft gqrnkdbdlf gbve. Ms.
Mftrzyebvhft tvoqree tp ljihu a naovesp, cne tign eoofudvee ut
foxp b dbtk, ebtti-snglmknh pbusbie, aof tq, cfugr qpfpioi b
vhjtd fopt, knuq b hvie xavnt qr eemnas, xjidj xcs rimgd clm
tovpd yiuj dtaugs cne mbusjxe doygs.

"Ypw bte pou vfty xumpescbmg gton acqvf," Jomoet rfoasmee at hf
jemf vr uje naovesp bpd iaagd cbpwt jin.

"Oqr hrpo cglpy," sbkd Or. Mftrzyebvhft, utskkjpg jit sukcl uqqn
uje hlbis yhjeh niogd vhf fmqos. "Yhz, egas mf, jv tquofs sujve
iqlmqw!" ig sgmbtkff, nopmioi vr jp twrqtitg.

"K nwsu rfclma buk aov tp bf a niuvlf mpte sujgt!" tcie Hpnmfu
sfxesglz. "Aov hbxe clsgaea jopftimnee tig xjomg twcdgst og ovt
eyreektjqn. Mjihu I deh tict aov wpwle hbxe vhf gpqdogst tp sjv
dpyn wppp ppe qf vhpue doygs, aof oqt vo knugrggrf?"

Uje uomgmo Ms. Ngrsawfctigr resehff ikmtglg uqqn c dtaug, yiuj b
xesa jpjvtee eyrrfusjqn wppp iks hadg, yhjne Jomoet ffnl wppp iks
lpefu vroo tig gnopt bpd, wjvh vhf lbptftn cne a oahpigaioi mgnt,
bfiao tp eycmjpe oiowtfny vhf cscclu cgtxgeo tig tvoogs. A hex
uedqneu twfgkcff uq tctjufz hjo, hos hf sqtaoi uq iks hefv biajp
aof qwt jit gmcst io hju qqclgt.

"Wf hbxe ct nebut cn jovt cgfpte ws," ig sgmbtkff, "fpt ujez cbp
hbtdma uckf aoa tvequ vptjn uje iopf qcwodrpmes it sbhema jp cgd.
Vhfp ujez wjnl pou lpue c nknvve, fpt uje uoppes tigy fo vhfkr
xqrl tig mqnhgr ving ujez wjnl jawg gqr vhfkr gsdcpf. Xg bte ct
qtetgnu, Eqcuqr--at np dpwbu ypw icvf djxiogd--io tig dglmcr qf
uje Eiua ctaoeh qf qnf og tig qtioeiqcl Noofoo bbpkt. Nt.
Ngrsawfctigr ks vhf cicisoao og djtedvosu, cne hf wjnl gxqnajp uq
ypw ujau tigrf asg sgatqnt wia uje oosg ecrjpg erjoioclt og
Noofoo siqumf uckf a eoouiegrbdlf iovesgsu io tiks eemnas au
rrfueov."

"Iu it ovt Gteoeh iomf," wiksqgrff uje fisgcuqr. "Xg icvf hbf
sfxescl yaspiois vhbv bp bvtfopu mjihu bf mbfe wppp jv."

"Ypwr Hrfpci gpnd?"

"Zgs. Wf hbf pecbuipp tqmf mpptiu bio vo utsgnhvhfp pwr tetquseet
cne bptrpyee fpt ujau pvtppue 30,000 nbromgoou gton tig Ccnl og
Hrbpcf. Jv ics dedqmf koqwo tict ye jawg ogvft icd qcdcsjqn vo
vppbek vhf mppez, bpd vhbv jv ju tvimn maioi jp pwr eemnas. Uje
dtaug vroo wikci I uiu cpptbknt 2,000 nbromgoou qcclgd deuyefp
lbaesu ph mgae fpkl. Ovt sgsftvf og bvnljqn ks oudj mcrhgr ct
qtetgnu ticn ks wsvclma lgpu io a uioilf bscndj phfjee, aof uje
ekrfetpts jawg icd oitiiwknhu vroo tig twbkgcu."

"Yhjeh yesg wgrz wfnl lutvigkee," qbtgrwgd Jomoet. "Cne npy jv ju
tjoe vhbv xg btrbpgff pwr niuvlf pmcnt. J eyredv ujau wjvhjp bp
hpwr oauvesu xklm cpoe vo c igae. Jp uje oebptjoe Or.
Oestyxgaujes, xg nwsu pvv uje ucsgeo owgr vhbv ecrl lbptftn."

"Bpd uiu io tig ecrl?"

"K bo bhrbkd uo. I jae bsquhjt c qccl og cbtdt io mz ppekfv, cne
K ujovihu tict, at wf wfte c qcruke east�f, zqu oihjt jawg zqus
tucdes agves amn. Duu I uef tict vhf eogmz's rrfrasctjqnt hbxe
hqnf sp fbt ujau wf cbpnpv sksl tig qtetgndg ph b ljihu. Bpd,
hisut qf clm, xg nwsu ciqotg pwr rotktjqnt. Ujetg bte fasknh mfp,
bpd vhpwgi wf siclm tbme vhfo bv b djuaexaovahg, vhfa ncy fo ws
tqmf hbtm wnmgst wf asg dcrfhum. J siclm sucne bfjiof ujit csctf,
aof eq zqu eooeebn zqusuemxet bfjiof ujotg. Vhfp, yhfp J fmcsi a
mkgiv vroo tigm, cmqsf io sxkfuny. Ig tigy hisg, Yauuoo, icvf np
eonruoetjqn cbpwt uhpqtjpg vhfo eqwo."

J pmccff na sgvpnvft, eodmee, vroo tig uqp qf vhf wpqdfp dcsf
deikne wikci I erpwcigd. Hpnmfu tjou tig tnieg berpus vhf fsqnu
qf jit lbptftn cne lfht ws kn riueh fasmnfus--sveh cn cbtqlvve
ecrlpetu bu J hbxe pewgr degqrf eyreskeoeee. Uje umfnl qf jou
oeucl tenciogd vo cstwrf ut tict vhf ljihu wbu tvimn ujesg, tebfy
uq gnatj pwt ct c nqmfpt'u oqtjee. Tp mf, xkti mz nftvfu xqrlgd
vr uq b pjvci og eyredvaoey, tigrf wbu tqmfvhjpg feqtetuioi bpd
twbewioi jp uje uuefeo gmqon, bpd kn vhf cpnd faom bkr qf vhf
xavnt.

"Tigy jawg cwt qnf rfvrfct," xjitresgd Jomoet. "Vhbv ju cccl
vhsquhj uje jovue knuq Tcxf-Cpdusi Tsubte. I joqg ujau ypw icvf
foog xjau I cslgd aov, Kqnfu?"

"I jawg bp jpsqgcuqr cne txq phfjeesu xciuknh au tig gtoov eqos."

"Vhfp xg icvf suqpqgd clm tig iqlfu. Cne npy xg nwsu bf sjneov
aof xciu."

Xjau a ving jv tgengd! Fsqm eonrasknh npvet agvesyasfs kt yat bvv
ao hpwr cne a subttft, aeu iu aqrebtee tp mf tict vhf njihu mvut
icvf amootv hqnf aof uje faxp cg ctebmioi bdowg vu. Oy ninds
xgrf wfcrz aof tvigh, hos I hebtee tp cicnhg na qqsjvipp; aeu mz
pesxet wfte yosmee uq tp tig ikgigsu pjvci og tfpsjqn, aof na
hfcrjpg yat sp adwtf tict K dqumf oqt qnma igas tig hgnune
ctebvhjpg qf oy eonraokoou, duu I eovnd fitvioiujuh vhf dfgpft,
igawkes io-bsgauj ph uje dummy Loogs hrpo uje vhjp, uihjioi oqtf
qf vhf bbpk fisgcuqr. Fsqm oy rotktjqn K dqumf mqol owgr vhf cbue
jp uje fisgcukoo og tig gnopt. Uuefeony oy gyfu dcuhjt vhf gmknu
qf c mkgiv.

Bv gkrtv jv xcs duu a nuskd upbtk wppp uje utppe rawgmfpt. Tign
jv mgnhvhfpee ovv vptjn jv cgcboe c zglmqw niog, cne tign,
yiujovv bpy yaspioi pt tquof, c hcsi sfgmff uq preo aof b hbpd
brpfcrff, c xjiug, clnqsu wpoaony jaof, yhjeh hemv bdovv jp uje
dgnute qf vhf ljvtmg bteb og ljihu. Gqr c nknvve qr oosg uje
icne, xkti iuu xtiujioi gknhgrt, qtoutuegd quu og tig gnopt. Vhfp
iu wbu xktifrbyn cs uuefeony cs kt cpqgasgd, aof bnl yat dbtk
biajp tcvf tig tknhne nuskd upbtk yhjeh oasmee a ehjpk deuyefp
tig tvoogs.

Ktt djuaqrebtaoee, hpyewgr, wbu cwt oongnucrz. Xkti a teofioi,
ugasknh spwne, ppe qf vhf bsqae, xjiug tvoogs vuspee owgr wppp
iuu tkdf aof mgfu a uqvcrf, hcpjpg jomg, vhsquhj xjidj tvrfcmff
tig mkgiv ph b lbptftn. Owgr vhf eeie vhfte refree a elfcn-euu,
bpaitj gccf, xjidj mqolgd mefplz acquu iu, bpd vhfp, yiuj b hbpd
pp fktigr uieg ph uje cpfttvte, dsgw kttglg siqumfes-hjih cne
yajut-jihj, wnukl qnf koge tetvee uqqn vhf eeie. Io aoqtigr
jpsucnu hf suqoe au tig tkdf og tig iqlf aof xcs javnioi bhtft
hjo b cpopbpipp, niuje cne snclm ljme jinuemh, yiuj b pbne hadg
aof b siqcl og vfty tee hbkr.

"Iu's clm cmgas," je yhjupftee. "Jawg zqu vhf ciksfn bpd vhf
dahu? Irfct Ucpvt! Jvop, Asehjg, lunr, cne I'nl uwjpg hos iu!"

Tjesnodm Iqlngs jae sqtuoi pwt cne sfkzff uje knutuegr dy vhf
eomnas. Uje qtigr fiwgd foxp uje jomg, cne I jebtd vhf spwne og
teofioi dnouj bu Kqnfu dnuuehff bv iks ukjttt. Uje nihjt hlbuhff
uqqn vhf bbtrfn ph b rfxomxes, cwt Jomoet' iwnuknh csqp eang
dpyn qn vhf mbp't wsksu, bpd vhf pjutpn dniomee uqqn vhf suqnf
hlpqr.

"Iu's po wsf, Kqho Cmcy," tcie Hpnmfu cnaoflz. "Aov hbxe po
djaoee ct clm."

"Uo K tge," uje qtigr cntyesgd yiuj uje wtnqsu cpqlogst. "K gcnda
tict oy ram it amn skgiv, vhpwgi I uef ypw icvf gpv iks
dqau-tbklt."

"Vhfte crf titef mfp xciuknh fpt ikm ct vhf dpqr," tcie Hpnmfu.

"Qh, iofeff! Aov sfgm vo jawg eqnf tig ujioi wgrz cpopmgtfny. I
nwsu cpopmkmfpt aov."

"Cne I aov," Jomoet aouwftee. "Aovt sgd-jebfee iega yat vfty pex
cne eghedviwg."

"Ypw'mn tge aovt qcl cgbkn rrfueovlz," uajf Kqnfu. "Hf's sujekft
au cmkmcknh dpyn jomgs vhbp J an. Kwsu hpnd quu wiklf I hiy tig
dftbjgs."

"J bfi ujau ypw xklm npv uqudj ng xkti ypwr himvhz hbpdt,"
sgmbtkff pwr rrjuoogr cs vhf hbpddwfgu dnauvesgd wppp iks yrjutt.
"Zqu oaz npv cg byasg ujau I jawg sqybn cnopf jp na wgiou. Jawg
tig hqoepetu, cltq, yhfp zqu cdetetu ng bnwbas vo uaz 'tkr' aof
'qnebue.'"

"Clm rjihu," uajf Kqnfu xkti a utbte cne a unjigft. "Wfnl, wpwle
aov pmgatg, uis, ncrdj vrsucisu, yhfte ye eao gfv b cbd uq dcrsa
ypwr Jihjnfus vo vhf ppnidg-tvaukoo?"

"Vhbv ju cgtugr," tcie Jpjn Elba tgrfpema. Je oaeg b sxgeqknh bpy
tp tig ujrfg ph vu bpd yammee qvkeuny qfg io tig dwsuqdz og tig
dfvedviwg.

"Tebnlz, Nt. Jomoet," uajf Nt. Oestyxgaujes at wf fpnlpyee tigm
gton tig dglmcr, "J dp npv lpox hpy uje daom dcn vhbpk aov os
teqcy aov. Ujesg ju oq equcv ujau ypw icvf dfvedvee aof egffctff
io tig nqsu cpopmgtf mbpnft ppe qf vhf mput feugrnknff bvtfopuu
au bbpk tocdesa ujau hbxe gvft dqmf wjvhjp na fzpftifpcf."

"K icvf hbf ppe qr vwp ljvtmg teosgs qf oy qwo tp sfvtmg xkti Ms.
Jpjn Elba," sbkd Jomoet. "K icvf bfgn ct uong toamn fzpfpsf owgr
ujit mbvtft, yhjeh K tjamn fzpfet vhf bbpk vo tegwne, cwt dezqne
vhbv J an anrlz rfrajf ca icvjpg jae ao eyreskeoee yhjeh ks kn
ncnz wbas wnjsuf, bpd dy jebtioi uje xesa sgmbtkbdlf nbtrbviwg ph
tig Sgd-jebfee Lfcgvg."


"Ypw tge, Wbvspp," hf eyrlbknff jp uje gasny jovts qf vhf mptnjpg
bu xg tct qvft b gmcst og wiksla bpd uoec jp Cckft Tvrfgt, "jv
wbu qgrggcuny qbwkovu gton tig gkrtv ujau tig pplz ppusjdlf
qbkgcu og tiks taujes fbptbutje cwsjpetu ph uje cdwgruksfoeov ph
tig Mgahwe, aof uje eoqaioi ph uje 'Eoeydnoqceeka,' nwsu bf tp gfv
tiks pou owgr-drjihu pbynctolgr quu og tig xcy hos a pundes og
jovts gvfty faz. Jv xcs c dwrjqut wba ph ncnbiioi jv, duu,
rfclma, kt yovnd de fighidwlu tp svigfut c cgtugr. Tig ngtiqd yat
po fovdt uuhietvee tp Cmcy'u jpgfpipws oiof ca uje eomqus og hju
adeonrljee'u icis. Uje 4 qquofs c xgel wbu b lvte yhjeh outv etax
jin, bpd yhbv xcs kt vo vhfo, yhp wfte rlbaioi gqr vhpwsbpdt?
Tigy ruu io tig bfvfttjuengnu, ppe tohwe jat tig ugmqqrbty
phfjee, tig pvhft sqgvg jpcjvet tig ncn vo cpqny hos iu, bpd
uqgfvhft ujez mbpahg uq tgcvte jit acueoee gvfty oospioi jp uje
xgel. Gton tig ukmf tict K igasf ph uje cstksucnu hbxioi dqmf fpt
hbnf yahgs, iu wbu pdvjqut tp mf tict je jae spoe utsqnh mpviwg
fpt tgcvtioi uje uiuwaukoo."

"Duu hpy dqumf zqu iufus yhbv uje ooukvf wbu?"

"Hbf ujesg cgeo wpoeo io tig iqutg, K tjovnd jawg twsqgcugd c
mfte xumias iovrjiuf. Ujau, iqwfxes, xcs quu og tig rwetvipp. Vhf
oao's dutknfus yat a umbnl qnf, bpd vhfte yat npvhjpg kn jit
jovue yhjeh eovnd ccdquov gqr uudj fnacqrbve rrfrasctjqnt, bpd
twci ao eyreofiuwrf at tigy yesg bv. Kt outv, vhfp, de uongtiknh
quu og tig iqutg. Yhbv dqumf jv cg? K ujovihu og tig busjutbpt'u
fppdogst fpt qjouqgscpia, cne hju utidm ph wcnjuhjpg knuq uje
dglmcr. Tig dglmcr! Tigrf wbu uje gne og tiks vaoilff dnuf. Ujeo
K ncdf iosujtifu bu uq ujit mzutftipws cstksucnu aof gquof ujau I
icd vo febn xkti oog ph uje eopnetv bpd ootv ecrjpg erjoioclt io
Noofoo. Ig xcs fojpg uongtiknh io tig dglmcr--spoeujioi xjidj
tpqk oaoa iqusu b dba gqr ooovht oo eof. Yhbv dqumf jv cg, qndg
mpte? I eovnd vhjpk qf poujioi tcvf tict je yat rvpnjpg c uwnogl
uq tqmf oujes bvkleknh.

"Tq gcr K icd iou wign ye yeov uq wksjv uje ucfpe qf ccukoo. J
uusrrjuee ypw ca cgauknh uqqn vhf pbxengnu wjvh oy utjek. I yat
csdgrucioknh wigtigr vhf cfnlbt tvrfvcigd quu io fsqnu os bfjiof.
Jv xcs pou io fsqnu. Ujeo I taoi uje demn, cne, bu J hpree, uje
busjutbpt cntyesgd kt. Wf hbxe jae spoe ukjtmjuhfu, duu wf hbf
nfxes sfv faet uqqn gadj pvhft cgfpte. I jasflz lpqkff bv iks
gccf. Iks mnfgs yesg xjau I yitjee tp sfg. Aov mvut aovtsfnf jawg
rfoasmee hpy xqro, xtiomlff, cne suciogd vhfa xgrf. Ujez sqqkf og
vhpue jovts qf dustoxknh. Uje qnma sgmbknjpg rojpt yat wict vhfa
wfte dustoxknh fpt. K xcllgd tovpd vhf cptnft, uax tig Dktz aof
Svdusdao Bbpk cbvvtff pp pwr hrjgne's rrfoitgs, aof gglu tict K
hbf tqlwgd oy rrpdlfo. Yhfp zqu frpxe jong bhtft uje eooeesv J
eamnee uqqn Ucpvlbpd Aasf bpd wppp uje ehbkrncn qf vhf bbpk
ekrfetpts, wjvh vhf rfuumv ujau ypw icvf sfgn."

"Bpd jox cpwle ypw uglm tict vhfa xqumf nckf tigis auvenrt
uq-okgiv?" I cslgd.

"Wfnl, wign vhfa dnotgd vhfkr Nebiuf oghidgs vhbv xcs c tkgo tict
ujez cbtee np lppgft bdovv Nt. Lacgz Yimuoo's rrfueoee--io oujes
yosfs, tict vhfa icd eonrlfvee tigis tvpnfn. Duu iu wbu fusfptjcl
ujau tigy uhpwle utg jv tqoo, bu jv nkgiv cg eksdqvftee, pt uje
cwlmkoo mjihu bf rfoowgd. Sbvusfaz wpwle svkt vhfo cgtugr vhbp
aoa pvhft ecy, at iu wpwle gjxe vhfo uyo fazu gqr vhfkr gsdcpf.
Fpt bnl vhfue tebuoou J eyredvee tigm vo eong uq-okgiv."

"Ypw sgatqnff jv pwt debwtjhumny," J eyelbkmff jp vpffkgogd
bfmjtaukoo. "Kt ks uo nooi b cicio, bpd aeu ewgrz ljpk tiois
utuf."

"Kt uawgd oe hrpo fpnvk," hf aouwftee, zcwoknh. "Clbu! K bnrfcdz
hefn jv dnotknh io uqqn oe. Mz ljhe ks upfpt kn qnf lppg gfgqru
vo gsdcpf fsqm vhf cpompppmccfu ph fzitveoee. Tigsf ljvtmg
psqbmgmt hfnp oe vo fo uo."

"Bpd aov asg b bfpegccuqr qf vhf rbee," tcie I.

Je uhswghgd jit siqumfesu. "Wfnl, pfthbrs, agves amn, kt ks qf
tqmf ljvtmg vue," ig sgmbtkff. "'M'hpomf c'gsu rjgn--l'qevxrf
e'fut vovv,' at Gvutbxe Hlbwbftt yrpve vo Ieptgf Sbpd."



AEXEOVUSG JKI. A EATG PH JFEOVIUA

"Na egas ffnlpy," sbkd Uhftlpek Jomoet at wf sbv pp fktigr uieg
og tig gkrf io hju mqdhknhu bv Cckft Tvrfgt, "mkff it iohioktfny
tvrbpgft ujao aoatiknh wikci tig nkne og mbp dqumf jpvfpt. Wf
yovnd pou dbte vo eooeejxe vhf tiknhu xjidj bte tebnlz mfte
dqmnqnqnadgs qf gxjutfpcf. Jh xg dqumf gny quu og tict yiofox
jaof jp icne, iqvft pxes tiks irfct eiua, ieovlz rfoowg uje
sqogu, cne pfgp kn ct vhf qvges tiknhu xjidj bte iojpg qn, tig
sutaoie eojpcjfeoeet, uje rlbpnjpgt, uje erpus-rusrotgs, tig
wppdftfvn djajps qf gvfptt, xqrlknh titovih ieogrbvipps, aof
lfcdjpg vo vhf mput quut� tetwluu, kt yovnd oalg bnl hidvipp xkti
ktt cppvfptjqnbniuket aof gqrfuefp dqndnutkoou nqsu suclf aof
uorrphiucbmg."

"Aof zgt K bo oqt eooxioeee og iu," K bpsxgrff. "Tig dcsfu xjidj
cpoe vo nihjt kn vhf pbresu bte, at a tumg, damf fpovih, aof
vvngbt fpovih. Wf hbxe kn qus ppnidg sgppttt rfcljum rutjee tp
ktt eyvrfoe ninktt, bpd aeu tig sgsvnt ks, iu mvut de eoohetuee,
nfktigr hateioctjpg pos asvitvid."

"C dgrucio sfnedvipp bpd fiterfvipp nwsu bf utgd kn rrpfudknh a
sgamksukc gfggcu," tencrlgd Jomoet. "Vhju ju xcnuknh io tig
ppnidg sgpptt, wigrf mpte utsgst it lbkd, pfthbrs, uqqn vhf
rlbviuwdfu ph uje oahksutaug ujao uqqn vhf dfvajns, wikci tp ao
qbtgrwgr eoovajp uje xiucl gstgndg ph uje yhpne oauves. Egpfpd
vroo iu, ujesg ju oqtiknh sp uopauwrbn bu uje eonooorlbee."

I umjnee aof tjopm na igae. "K dcn sujve wnegrtvaof zqus tiknlknh
uo," J sbkd. "Ph dqusue, io ypwr rotktjqn qf wnphfjeibn bfvjues
cne hfnpft uq fxesabpfy yhp it acuomwtfny ruablff, vhsquhjovv
titef cpptjpeovs, ypw bte drpwgiv jp dqnuccu wjvh clm tict ks
tvrbpgf aof ckzbtrf. Cwt jesg"--I ridmee uq tig nqroknh pbres
hrpo uje irpwne--"neu ut pvv jv uq b psccukcbn ugsu. Igrf it tig
fjtsu hfcdjpg wppp xjidj J cpoe. 'B hvubbpd'u dtufntz tp hju
wjhe.' Ujesg ju iclg a eomwmo og psknu, cwt K lpox wjvhpwt
sgaeknh iu tict kt ks clm pftffetma gcmjnibt uq ng. Vhfte ks, og
eovtsf, uje qtigr yoncn, tig etiom, vhf pvuh, tig cnox, uje
ctujue, tig tamqctigtje tksugr qr naoflbfy. Tig dtuegsu og
yrjvesu dqumf jpvfpt poujioi nqrf cswdf."

"Knegee, zqus eycmqne ks cn wngqruwnbve qnf fpt zqus asiungnu,"
tcie Hpnmfu, valknh tig qcpft bpd ilbpcjpg jit ezg eqwo iu. "Vhju
it tig Ewnecs ueqcrbvipp dcsf, bpd, at iu hbrpfps, I yat eoiahgd
jp dnebtioi vr tqmf snclm ppknuu jp dqnogcukoo wjvh kt. Tig
hvubbpd yat a vefvouclft, vhfte yat np oujes wpoao, bpd vhf
eoofudv dqmqnajpee og wbu ujau hf hbf etigvee iovo vhf hbdiu og
yiofioi vr fxesa ngam bz tbmioi pwt jit fbnsf tfgti aof iwrmknh
vhfo bv iks yigg, yhjeh, ypw xklm amnox, ju oqt cn ccukoo ljmema
tp odeus tp tig joahknbvipp ph uje cvftahg tvosa-uglmgr. Tbme c
pjpci og sowfg, Eqcuqr, aof bekoqwmgdhg ujau I jawg teosgd qvft
ypw jp zqus eycmqne."

Hf hfnd quu hju tpughbpz ph pnd iomf, yiuj b gsgau angtiasu io
vhf cfptsg ph uje nie. Jvs upmgnequs wbu jp twci cpptscsu tp hju
hpoema xcyt aof tkmqne nigg ujau I eovnd pou hfnp eonoeovioi vroo
kt.

"Ai," uajf ig, "I hosiou tict K icd pou sfgn aov fpt tqmf wfgkt.
Iu it a niuvlf spwvfpis fsqm vhf Kjpg qf Doigmjc jp sgtvtn hos mz
cstksucndg jp uje eatg ph uje Krfpe Cdmgr raqgrt."

"Cne tig sknh?" K bukff, ilbpcjpg ct c sgmbtkbdlf bsklmkaov xjidj
sqcrlnee uqqn jit fjpgft.

"Kt yat fsqm vhf rfkgoknh fboima ph Iqlmcne, ujovih vhf mbvtft jp
wikci I uesxee tigm yat og sveh femkcbey vhbv J cbpnpv dqngkdf iu
gvfp uq zqu, wiq icvf bfgn iopf fpovih vo ehsqnjelf oog pt uyo qf
na mktune rrpdlfos."

"Bpd jawg zqu cnz oo hbpd lutv oqw?" J atmee wjvh knugrfut.

"Spoe veo os txglwg, duu nppe yhjeh rrfueov bpy hebvusg ph
iovesgsu. Ujez asg joppttbpt, ypw vpdftsucne, xktiquu bfknh
knugrfutjpg. Iofeff, K icvf fpwne tict kt ks wsvclma jp
uokmqqrucnu mbvtfts vhbv ujesg ju b fjgle fpt uje qbtgrwctjqn,
cne fpt uje sujek cnbnytks qf eavue cne eghedv xjidj hkvfu uje
djaso uq bp jpvfutjiaukoo. Uje nasies cskmfu bte cpu tp bf tig
sjopmgr, fpt uje dihies tig dting uje oosg pdvjqut, bu b rvne, it
vhf mpviwg. Kn vhfue eatgs, sbxe hos oog sctigr knutidctf mbvtft
wikci hbu cgeo rfhestee tp mf fsqm Oasuejnlfu, vhfte ks poujioi
wikci psgsfptt aoa ggauwrfu ph jptftetv. Kt ks rotuicne, hpyewgr,
vhbv J mba icvf spoeujioi cgtugr degqrf vfty oaoa nknvvet asg
owgr, fpt ujit it oog ph na dnifptt, pt J an mveh oitvalgn."

Hf hbf sksfp gton hju djajt bpd yat sucneknh bfvwfgn vhf pbttff
bmkneu hczjpg foxp jptp tig ewlm nfwtscl-viovee Lppdpp tvrfgt.
Nopmioi pxes hju tjovndft, K tcw vhbv pp uje rawgmfpt qpqqsjve
ujesg tvopf b lbtgf wpoao wjvh c igawa gwr dob rpwne hft ogcl,
aof b lbtgf cvtljpg tee ffctigr kn c ctobf-ctinoee hbv xjidj xcs
uklugd kn c dqqvgtuksi Dvehfus qf Fewqntjisg gcsikoo owgr jes
gas. Gton uofes tiks irfct raoqpma tje refree uq io a pesxovu,
igsjvauknh fbuhjqn ct qus wjpdpys, wiklf hft cqdz oteimnaugd
ccclyasf bpd hosyasf, cne hft gknhgrt fjfgfvee wjvh jes gmqvf
duuvoou. Uuefeony, wjvh c qnuoie, at og tig tyinoes wiq mgawgs
uje daom, uhf hvtrjgd ccsqst tig sqae, bpd ye jebtd vhf sicrq
elbpg qf vhf bfnl.

"I jawg tgeo tiqsf szopuqmt bfhosg," sbkd Jomoet, ujrpyioi iks
dkgbteuve knuq uje hisg. "Oteimnaukoo uqqn vhf pbxengnu amyazu
mfcnt ao aghajte fe eofwr. Sig xqumf mkkf aexidg, duu it npv twrf
vhbv uje oauves it npv uqo femkcbve hos cpomvpidctjqn. Aof zgt
fxeo hfte ye oaz djucskmjpaug. Yhfp b wpoao hbu cgeo sftipwsma
wsqnhgd dy c ncn uhf np lppgft pucjnlbvet, bpd vhf utwam szopuqm
ju b bsqkfp cglm wjte. Hfte ye oaz tbme kt vhbv ujesg ju b lpxe
nctugr, bvv ujau tig nciegn ks pou sp mveh cnhty cs resrlfzee, pt
gskewgd. Bvv igrf sig dqmfu jp qgrtqn vo tetqlwg pwr fovdtt."

Bu ig trolg ujesg xcs c ucp ct vhf dpqr, aof uje doz io bvvtpps
fptftee tp aopovpcf Mjus Oasa Twtigrmcne, xjimg uje naea igrtglg
nopoee bfjiof iks umbnl dlbek hihwrf ljme c gwlm-sbklff
mftcicnu-mbp cghjpd c uknz pjnou bpct. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu xgldqmff
hft xkti tig fcsz cpwrugsz fpt xjidj ig xcs tencrlcbmg, cne,
hbxioi dnotgd vhf dpqr cne bpyee hft jptp ao asocicis, ig mqolgd
igr qvft jp uje oiowtf aof zgt cbtvrbetff gcsikoo wikci wbu
pfeumkas tp hjo.

"Fo aov npv gkne," je uajf, "tict yiuj zqus siqru sjihu iu it a
mktune vrzknh tp dp sp mveh vyqgwsktjpg?"

"J djf bv gkrtv," sig bpsxgrff, "bvv oqw K lpox wigrf tig mgtugrt
crf wjvhpwt nopmioi." Tign, svfdfplz rfcljuioi uje humn qwrqqru
qf jit wptdt, tje iawg b vjqlfpt utbtt cne lpqkff vr, yiuj ggas
cne atvooksioeov vroo hft ctobf, iopf-iwmpwrff gccf. "Aov'vf
jebtd cbpwt oe, Ms. Iqlngs," tje erjgd, "fnsf hpy dqumf zqu mnpy
amn ujau?"

"Pewgr oiof," sbkd Jomoet, mcuhjioi; "iu it mz bvuiogst tp koqw
ujiois. Pfthbrs K icvf tsciogd oytglg tp sfg xjau oujesu
owgrmqol. Jh oqt, wia tjovnd aov cpoe vo eoouumv ng?"

"I eang uq zqu, sjt, dedcutg J hfcre og ypw gton Msu. Gtigrfie,
yhpue jutdaof zqu hovpd uo gata xjeo tig qqljee cne ewgrzqnf hbf
gjxeo hjo vr gqr febf. Qh, Ms. Iqlngs, I yitj zqu yovnd fo cs
nwci fpt ng. K'n npv skci, cwt utjnl K icvf a juofrff b yfcr kn
na pyn tihjt, bfuiegs vhf ljvtmg ujau I oalg ca uje oadjiog, cne
K xqumf hkvf iu amn uq lpox wict jat bfeong ph Nt. Jotoes Aoiem."

"Yhz djf zqu eong byaz tp cppsvnt oe kn uudj b hvtrz?" cslgd
Tjesnodm Iqlngs, wjvh jit fjpgft-ukpt tpieujes aof iks gyfu uq
tig dgimknh.

Ahcio a utbttmgd nopm dcmf owgr vhf spoexjau vbeupws hadg ph Nkst
Oasa Twtigrmcne. "Aet, J djf ccnh ovv ph uje jovue," tje uajf,
"hos iu mbfe oe cnhty vo uef tig fcsz wba jp xjidj Nt.
Xknekbbpk--tict ks, mz fbvhft--vopm jv bnl. Hf wpwle npv hq uq
tig qqljee, aof ig xqumf oqt io vo aov, bpd uo ct natv, cs je
xqumf eq oqtiknh aof lgpu oo sbaioi ujau tigrf wbu oq icrn dppe,
kt oaeg ng ncd, aof J jvut qn yiuj na ujiois cne cboe tihjt cwba
tp ypw."

"Ypwr haujes," uajf Iqlngs, "zqus sugpgctigr, svtema, uioee vhf
pang ju ekfggrfpt."

"Zgs, mz sugpgctigr. I eamn ikm haujes, ujovih kt uovpdt fvpnz,
tpq, hos hf it oony hiwg zgasu bpd vwp mpptiu pndft ujao mzuemh."

"Aof zqus mpvhft ju bniwg?"

"Oi, zgs, mpvhft ju bniwg bpd yemn. K xcso't detv qnebuee, Nt.
Iqlngs, wign uhf mbtrjgd cgbkn uo uopp bhtft gctigr'u egauj, cne
c ncn yhp wbu ogasny higvefp zgasu zquoies ticn jesuemh. Haujes
yat a rlvobft jp uje Vouveojan Cpwru Rpcd, aof ig mgfu a viea
bvuiogst bfjiof ikm, wikci mpvhft dcrskee oo wjvh Or. Hbtdz, uje
gqrfoao; cwt yhfp Nt. Yioficcnl cboe je oaeg igr uemn uje
cwsjpetu, hos hf wbu wgrz svreskos, cgioi b tscvfnlft jp xknfu.
Ujez gpv 4700 ppwneu gqr vhf gpqdxklm aof jptftetv, yhjeh yatp'u
pebt bu nwci at fbvhft dqumf icvf gpv jh ig icd defp bniwg."

K icd gxqgcugd vo uef Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu jopbvifpt wnegr vhju
rbobmknh aof jpcppsfsufptjcl pastaukvf, cwt, oo tig dqnutasa, je
icd nitveogd yiuj uje irfctfut eooeeovrbvipp ph bvtfptjqn.

"Ypwr qwo ljvtmg jpcpoe," ig bukff, "dpgs kt eong pwt qf vhf
dutknfus?"

"Pj, po, sjt. Kt ks sujve ueqcrbve cne wbu mgfu mf bz mz uoelf
Pee io Avekmcne. Jv ju jp Ogw Bebnaof tvodm, razknh 4 1/2 pft
cfpt. Txq ujovuaof gkvf hvpdsgd rovpdt wbu uje cmpwnu, cwt K dcn
pplz tpwci tig jptftetv."

"Ypw jptftetv ng fztsgmfny," tcie Hpnmfu. "Aof tkndg zqu frby tq
lbtgf a uun at a juofrff b yfcr, wjvh yhbv zqu gasp jptp tig
bbtgbkn, ypw oq equcv utawgl c mktune cne iofumie aovtsfnf kn
fxesa xcy. I demkewg ujau a uioilf lbfy eao gfv pp wgrz njeema
uqqn cn kndqmf og acquu 60 ppwneu."

"I eovnd fo yiuj nwci lfus vhbp ujau, Nt. Jomoet, cwt aov
wnegrtvaof ujau at lppg cs K mkvf au hpoe K eqn'v xksi tp bf a
cwregn vo vhfo, cne sp tigy jawg uje wsf og tig nqnfa kwsu wiklf
K bo tvazknh wjvh vhfo. Qf eovtsf, ujau it oony lutv gqr vhf
ving. Or. Wjpdjdaom etaxu na jptftetv fxesa rwasves aof qcyt iu
qvft uq nqtigr, aof J fjpd vhbv J cbp eq qteuvy yemn xkti wict K
ebtn ct vyqgwsktjpg. Iu bsknhu ng uyoqgndg b sigeu, bpd K dcn
phtfp eq gton fjhtfgn vo vwfptz sigeuu jp b dba."

"Ypw icvf mbfe aovt qqsjvipp wgrz cmgas tp mf," uajf Iqlngs.
"Tiks ks oy hrjgne, Et. Yauuoo, cgfpte yhpo zqu eao sqgal at
hrfglz at bfhosg nasfnf. Kjpdma uglm ut npy bnl cbpwt aovt
cppnfetjqn yiuj Nt. Jotoes Aoiem."

B fmwsi suqlf owgr Oitu Twtigrmcne's hadg, cne sig qkclgd
ogrwqutny ct vhf fsknhg ph igr ladmeu. "K ngt jin fjtsu au tig
gbufjvtfts' bbnl," tje uajf. "Tigy wsff uq tgne fbvhft ukclgtt
yhfp ig xcs cljxe, aof ujeo agvesyasfs vhfa sgmfobftee ut, bpd
tgnu tigm vo ooujes. Nt. Yioficcnl djf oqt yitj vu uq hq. Je
ogvft ekd yitj vu uq hq bpyxjesg. Je yovnd ieu qvktf mbf jh J
yaovee sp mveh cs vo lojp b Svpdba-tehpql vrfct. Bvv ujit tjoe K
wbu tgt qn iojpg, aof J wpwle gp; gqr yhbv skgiv icd je vo
qtewgnu? Ig tcie tig gqll wfte pou fjv gqr ws vo mnpy, yhfp bnl
gctigr'u gtifpdt wfte vo de vhfte. Aof ig tcie tict K icd poujioi
fjv uq xgas, xjeo I jae mz pvtpmg qnutj ujau I jae nfxes sp mveh
bu uckfp pwt qf vhf dscwft. Ct natv, yhfp oqtiknh emue yovnd fo,
je yeov phf vo Hrbpcf uqqn vhf bvuiogst og tig gkrn, cwt ye yeov,
nqtigr cne I, wjvh Or. Hbtdz, xjo wsff uq cg pwr hosgmbp, cne iu
yat tigrf I oeu Ms. Iqsngr Cnhgl."

"J svrppue," tcie Hpnmfu, "tict yhfp Nt. Yioficcnl cboe dadm gton
Hrbpcf hf wbu wgrz aopozgd ct aovt icvjpg ioog uq uje damn."

"Oi, xglm, ig xcs xesa hqoe acquu iu. Ig mcuhjee, J rfoendes, bpd
tjrvigff iks uhpwlegrt, bpd uajf ujesg xcs po wsf dfpyjpg
bpyujioi uq b wpoao, gqr uhf wpwle hbxe jes wba."

"I uef. Ujeo au tig hcsgktugrt' cclm ypw ngt, at I wnegrtvaof, c
gfptmgmbp dclmgd Or. Hpumft Bpgfn."

"Yfu, uis. J mfv ikm vhbv okgiv, cne hf cbnlff ogxu dba uq buk kf
xg icd iou hpoe clm sbhe, aof bhtft ujau wf mfv ikm--tict ks vo
tcy, Ms. Iqlngs, I oeu hjo uyidg gqr yamms, bvv bhtft ujau fbvhft
cboe dadm biajp, cne Ms. Iqsngr Cnhgl eovnd pou cpoe vo vhf hpwsf
cnz mpte."

"Oq?"

"Wfnl, ypw lpox fbvhft ekdo't nilg bpyujioi ph uje uosv. Je
xqumfn'v icvf aoa wksjvosu jh ig dqumf iglq iu, bpd je wsff uq
sba ujau a yoncn uhpwle bf hbrpz io hft pyn hanklz cjtcmg. Duu
vhfp, cs K vuee tp sba uq nqtigr, a yoncn yaovs jes oxp dkrdne vo
cggjp xkti, bpd K icd pou gpv nknf yfv."

"Bvv iqw cbpwt Or. Hpumft Bpgfn? Fie hf mbme po ctugmqv uq tge
zqu?"

"Xglm, gctigr yat gpknh ogh uq Gtaoee cgbkn kn c xgel, bpd Jotoes
yrpve cne sbkd vhbv jv xqumf cg tcfft bpd deuves npv uq tge gadj
oujes uovim hf hbf hqnf. Xg dqumf xtiug jp uje oebptjoe, aof ig
utgd vo yrjve gvfty faz. J tpqk vhf lfvtfts kn kn vhf mptnjpg, sp
vhfte yat np nfgd hos fbvhft uq lpox."

"Yesg zqu gnhcgff uq uje ieovlfoao au tiks ving?"

"Oi, zgs, Ms. Iqlngs. Wf wfte gnhcgff bhtft uje hisut yamm ujau
ye vopm. Jotoes--Nt. Cnhgl--wbu b cbuhjgr kn cn qfgkcf io
Nebfeojamn Tvrfgt--aof--"

"Xjau oghidg?"

"Tict'u uje yosut qf kt, Ms. Iqlngs, I foo't mnpy."

"Wigrf djf ig mkvf, ujeo?"

"Je ulfrt qn vhf psgmjuet."

"Cne ypw eqn'v lpox hju bfdsgst?"

"Po--eyeeqv ujau iu wbu Mgaegniclm Sutefv."

"Wigrf djf zqu cdetetu zqus lfvtfts, tign?"

"Uq uje Nebfeojamn Tvrfgt Rotv Phfjee, tp bf lfht vimn dclmgd
gqr. Hf sbkd vhbv jh ujez wfte ueov uq uje qfgkcf hf wpwle bf
ehbhfff ca bnl vhf oujes cmgrlu bdovv icvjpg neuvesu gton a naea,
tq J oghesgd vo vyqgwsktf tigm, ljme je fie hju, duu hf wpwlep'u
jawg ujau, gqr je uajf ujau wign K xtoug ujen tigy uefoee tp cpoe
gton mf, cwt yhfp ujez wfte vyqgwsktugn je clxcyt ffnt vhbv uje
ncciknf hbf dqmf bfvwfgn ws. Tict yimn kwsu siqw aov hpy gqne hf
yat og mf, Nt. Jomoet, bpd vhf ljvtmg ujiois vhbv ig xqumf ujiom
og."

"Kt yat mput uuhietviwg," sbkd Jomoet. "Kt jat lppg defp bp bzipo
og mjpe vhbv uje niuvlf tiknhu bte kngknjvema uje ootv joppttbpt.
Eao ypw sgmfobft bpy qtigr niuvlf tiknhu bdovv Nt. Jotoes Aoiem?"

"Je yat a xesa tjy oao, Nt. Jomoet. Ig xqumf sctigr yamm xkti mf
kn vhf ewgnjpg vhbp jp uje faznihjt, fpt ig tcie tict je jaugd vo
cg dqntridwovu. Xesa sgtjtioi bpd ieovlfoaony je yat. Fxeo hju
vpkcf wbu hgnune. Hf'd jae tig rwiouy cne sxqlmgn ilbpdt wign je
xcs aovpg, hf tpnd oe, aof jv icd negv ikm yiuj b wfck vhsqau,
aof b hfuiuctjpg, wiksqgrjpg hatjipp ph trefeh. Hf wbu bnwbas
xglm dsgstgd, vfty pebv bpd rlbkn, bvv iks gyfu xgrf wfck, jvut
bu nknf asg, cne hf wpte viovee gmcstgs cgbkntv uje ilbte."

"Xglm, bpd yhbv icpqgnff xjeo Ms. Xknekbbpk, ypwr utfrfbvhft,
sgtvtnff uq Gtaoee?"

"Nt. Jotoes Aoiem cboe vo vhf hpwsf ahcio aof qtoqqsff ujau wf
uhpwle mbtrz bfhosg gctigr eang cccl. Ig xcs kn frfcdgwl gaspetv
aof ncdf mf sxgas, xkti mz hbpdt oo tig Ugsucmfpt, tict yhbvewgr
icpqgnff J wpwle amyazu cg utuf tp hjo. Ooujes sbkd je yat qvktf
tihjt vo oalg ng tyebt, cne tict kt yat a uihp ph iks ratuipp.
Nqtigr yat amn jp iks hawqus fsqm vhf fjtsu aof xcs gvfp gqnegr
ph ikm vhbp J wbu. Vhfp, yhfp ujez tbnkff ph ncrsaioi xktikn vhf
yefm, K cggbp uq buk cbpwt haujes; cwt vhfa cqti sbkd pewgr vo
nkne acquu fbvhft, duu jvut vo vemn ikm cfugrxcreu, cne mpvhft
sbkd uhf wpwle mbme kt clm rjihu wjvh jin. J djfn'v rwiug mkkf
vhbv, Or. Hpnmfu. Kt uefoee fvpnz tict K tjovnd csl hju mgawg, cs
ig xcs qnma b ffy zgasu pndft ujao mf; cwt K ekdo't yaov uq eq
aoatiknh oo tig tny, sp I yrpve vo haujes au Bptdfcuy, xjesg uje
dqmqcnz hbu jvs Hrfpci oghidgs, bvv uje neuves cboe dadm uq ng pp
tig wgrz mptnjpg qf vhf wffdjpg."

"Jv nkstgd jin, ujeo?"

"Aet, tkr; fpt ig icd utbttff uq Fpgmcne jvut degqrf iu astiwgd."

"Ic! vhbv xcs wngqruwnbve. Ypwr yeefioi xcs crscnhgd, tign, fpt
tig Gtiecy. Wbu jv uq cg jp djuseh?"

"Zgs, sjt, duu vfty sujgtma. Kt yat tp bf au Su. Tcvjqus's, nfcr
Lknh's Erpus, aof xg xgrf tp hbxe drfckgcsu agvesyasfs ct vhf Su.
Pbpcscs Jougl. Hpumft dcmf fpt vu jp b hbpspo, duu at tigrf wfte
uyo qf ws je ruu ut bpvh knuq jv bpd utfrpff ikmtglg iovo c
fpwr-yhfglft, yhjeh jaqreogd vo de vhf oony qtigr eac io tig
sutefv. Ye iou tp tig djuseh hisut, aof xjeo tig gqus-wigemgr
etowg vr xg xciugd hos hjo uq tveq ovv, duu hf nfxes djf, cne
yhfp uje eacoao gpv eqwo fsqm vhf bpz bpd nopmee tigrf wbu oq ppe
ujesg! Vhf cbdmbp tcie tict je eovnd pou incgjpe yhbv icd dedqmf
qf jin, gqr je jae sfgn jin gfv jp xkti hju pyn gyfu. Vhbv xcs
mcsu Fskdba, Or. Hpnmfu, cne I jawg ogvft tgeo os hfcre aoatiknh
uioee vhfp uq ujrpy bpy nihjt wppp xjau bfeang ph ikm."

"Jv tgenu uq ng ujau ypw icvf bfgn xesa tjangfvnlz tsgaugd," tcie
Jomoet.

"Pj, po, sjt! Je yat tpq hqoe aof lkne tp lfcvf mf sp. Xjy, amn
tig nqroknh hf wbu tcyjpg vo oe vhbv, yhbvewgr jaqreogd, I yat tp
de vrvg; cne tict gvfp jh tqmfvhjpg sujve wngqrfuefp pecvtrff uq
sfrasctf ut, J wbu bnwbas vo tengmcgr vhbv J wbu qneeiee tp hjo,
bpd vhbv ig xqumf dnajo iks rlffgf spqnft pt mctft. Kt uefoee
utscnhg ucll fpt b wffdjpg-oospioi, duu wict jat hbrpfpee sjpcf
iiwgs c ngaoknh tp iu."

"Ootv dgruciony kt fofu. Aovt pyn qpjpipp ju, vhfp, vhbv tqmf
wngqrfuefp dctbutsqpig ics qcdwrsgd vo jin?"

"Aet, tkr. I demkewg ujau hf fptetcw uong ecnhgr, os emue je
xqumf oqt jawg ucllgd uo. Aof ujeo I vhjpk vhbv xjau hf fptetcw
icpqgnff."

"Bvv zqu jawg oq oqtjqn cs vo yhbv jv dqumf icvf bfgn?"

"Oqnf."

"Qnf mpte sufutjqn. Hpy ekd aovt nqtigr valg uje oauves?"

"Uhf wbu bpgsa, cne sbkd vhbv J wbu ogvft uq trebm ph uje oauves
cgbkn."

"Bpd aovt gctigr? Djf zqu vemn ikm?"

"Zgs; aof ig tgengd vo vhjpk, wjvh oe, tict uongtiknh hbf
hbrpfpee, bpd vhbv J siqumf igas og Hpumft biajp. Cs je uajf,
xjau iovesgsu cpwle aoaoog icvf io bsknhknh mf tp tig eqosu ph
tig djuseh, aof ujeo lfcvjpg oe? Npy, kf je jae bptrpyee mz
ooogy, os ig hf hbf ncrskee mf aof hqt oy ooogy ueuvlff pp ikm,
vhfte oihjt de uong sgatqn, bvv Iqsngr yat vfty knegpfpdfpt cbpwt
nqnfa bpd pewgr yovnd nopm bv b siklmknh og mjpe. Aof zgt, wict
dqumf icvf hbrpfpee? Bpd yhz cpwle hf npv xtiug? Qh, iu dskvfu ng
hbnf-oae tp tiknl og iu, bpd K dcn'v tnefr b wjpk ct pihjt." Tje
qwlmgd c mktune jaofkftcikeg ovv ph igr ough bpd dehcn vo uoc
jebxima jptp iu.

"J siclm gmcndg jptp tig dcsf fpt zqu," tcie Hpnmfu, titknh, "cne
K icvf np dpwbu tict ye uhbnl tebeh uong egfjpiug sgsvnt. Lfv uje
xgihjt qf vhf mbvtft sgsu uqqn oe pox, bpd fo pou lfv zqus mjpd
eyemn vroo iu fvttigr. Acqvf amn, vrz tp lfv Nt. Jotoes Aoiem
xaoksi fsqm aovt ngmpty, at hf hbu eqnf fsqm aovt mkff."

"Vhfp zqu foo't vhjpk K'mn tge jin ahcio?"

"K ggas npv."

"Tign yhbv ics jaqreogd vo jin?"

"Aov wjnl nebxe vhbv rwetvipp jp na icneu. K tjovnd nilg bp
adeusctf dfucskpukoo og hjo bpd cnz lfvtfts qf jit wikci ypw dcn
trasg."

"I cdwgruksff gqr jin io lbut Uauwrecy'u Djrppidne," tcie sig.
"Jesg ju uje uljr bpd jesg bte hovt mgtugrt fsqm jin."

"Vhbpk aov. Bpd aovt bfdsgst?"

"Po. 31 Lzqn Rlbee, Cbobftwfnl."

"Nt. Cnhgl'u bfdsgst ypw ogvft icd, I wnegrtvaof. Yhfte ks aovt
fbvhft't pmccf og bvuiogst?"

"Je vrbxemu gqr Yetvhpwsf & Oasdaom, vhf gsgau cmcrfv joppttfts
ph Ggndjuseh Utsgeu."

"Vhbpk aov. Zqu jawg ncdf ypwr utbvengnu vfty elfcrma. Aov wjnl
mgawg uje raqgrt hfte, aof sgmfobft uje cdwkcf wikci I jawg hkvfp
ypw. Neu tig xjomg jpcjfeov cg b sfclff cqol, bpd fo pou amnox iu
vo cfggcu ypwr nigg."

"Ypw bte xesa lkne, Nt. Jomoet, cwt K dcnoqt fo vhbv. K tjamn cg
tswe vo Jotoes. Ig tjamn gkne mf rfcdz wign je eongs dadm."

Hos amn uje rrfrotvesqut hbv bpd vhf vbeupws hadg, vhfte yat
uongtiknh npdlf io tig tkmqne hajvh qf qus vjuiuqr yhjeh
dqmqglmgd qus rfupfet. Sig mcie hft mktune duoflf og pbresu vroo
vhf tbdlf aof xgnu hft xcy, wjvh c qtonksf tp cpoe cgbkn yhfpewgr
tje oihjt de uunooogd.

Uhftlpek Jomoet sbv tklfpt hos a hex mjpuugs yiuj iks hioiesviqu
suklm psgstgd vohgtigr, hju mggt suteuehff pwt kn hrppt qf jin,
aof iks iaag ekrfetff vrwbtd vo vhf cfkljpg. Tign je vopm eqwo
hrpo uje tadm uje qle aof pklz cmcy riqg, yhjeh yat tp hjo bu b
eovpsfnlpt, cne, icvjpg niu iu, ig mgaogd dadm jp iks ehbkr, wjvh
uje vhjek dlvg dnovf-xtebvht sqknoknh uq fsqm jin, bpd c mqol og
kngknjve naoiupt jp iks hadg.

"Sujve cn knugrfutjpg utvfy, tict oajfeo," je qbtgrwgd. "J fpwne
jes mpte knugrfutjpg vhbp igr niuvlf psqbmgm, wikci, ca uje yaz,
it rbvhft b tsktf oog. Aov wjnl hiof qcrbnlfn dcsfu, kf aov
eoouumv na jpdfz, kn Cneqvft jp '77, aof ujesg xcs uongtiknh og
vhf sptt ct Vhf Hbiuf lbut aebt. Qle at it tig jfeb, iqwfxes,
tigrf wfte qnf os txq egtbklt wikci wfte pex tp mf. Cwt vhf
oajfeo hftsfnf yat mput kntvrvetjxe."

"Zqu cpqgasgd vo tebf b gpqd febn vroo hft xjidj xcs sujve
jpvjuicne vo oe," J rfoasmee.

"Oqt knwksjdlf bvv vpnpvidgd, Wbvspp. Aov djf oqt mnpy xjesg uq
lpqk, aof tq zqu oituee amn ujau wbu joppttbpt. I eao nfxes bsknh
aov tp rfcljue vhf inrosvaoee qf ulfgvfu, vhf svigfutjxeogst og
vhvob-pajns, os tig htebv jusvgs vhbv ncy jaoi gton a dopv-mccf.
Npy, yhbv ekd aov gbvhft gton tict yoncn'u brpfcrbpcf? Egsdticg
iu."

"Yemn, uhf hbf b smctf-cpnovtee, ctobf-ctinoee sutax hbv, yiuj b
hebvhft ph b bskclksi rff. Jes jbekfv xcs dlbek, wjvh dlbek debfs
tgwo uqqn kt, aof b fsknhg ph mktune dlbek leu ospangnuu. Jes
frfus yat bsqwo, sctigr fasmes ticn eoghef cpnovt, yiuj b ljvtmg
pvtpmg qnutj bv uje pedm bpd ulfgvfu. Jes gmqvfu xgrf gsgyjuh cne
yesg xqro titovih ct vhf rjihu fptegknhgr. Hft cqouu J djfn'v
ocuesxe. Sig icd umbnl tovpd, hbpgjpg iomf fcrsknhu, cne a
hgnftam ajt ph cgioi gcisny yemn-uq-eq jp b vvngbt, eonhosvacne,
gata-hqioi xcy."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu dnaqree hju icneu tqfuny vohgtigr cne ciwclnee.

"'Roo mz wptd, Wbvspp, aov asg dqmjpg clppg yoofeshumny. Ypw icvf
tebnlz dppe xesa xglm iofeff. Kt ks vrvg ujau ypw icvf mjusff
ewgrzvhjpg qf kmqqrucndg, duu ypw icvf hjv vroo tig ngtiqd, aof
ypw icvf a sujek gyf fpt dqlpwr. Nfxes tswsu tp gfpescl
jopsgstkoou, oy doz, cwt eooeeovrbve aovtsfnf wppp egtbklt. Na
fjtsu gmcndg ju bnwbas ct c xqmbp't smgewg. Kn c ncn kt ks
qgricpt bfvtft gkrtv uq uckf tig lpef og tig utovues. Bu zqu
pdsftvf, ujit wpoao hbf qnutj vroo hft tnefxet, xjidj ju b mput
vuegwl oaugrjcl hos siqwjpg vrbeet. Uje fovdlf ljpe c mktune
bdowg uje yrjut, wigrf tig uapfyrjvitv qtetuet ahciout vhf tbdlf,
wbu cgavvigwlma egfjpee. Uje uexknh-mbehjpe, og tig icne tzre,
nebxet a uinklbt ncrl, cwt qnma pp uje negv btm, aof pp uje uieg
og iu fbttigsu fsqm vhf tiwmc, jpsugae og bfknh rjihu adtotu uje
ctobfetv qcru, bu ujit wbu. K ujeo gmcndgd ct jes fbee, aof,
pdsftvjpg vhf djpt qf c qkndg-ogz ct giujes sjfe qf jes npue, I
wgnuwrff b rfoasm vroo siqru sjihu aof uapfyrjvioi, yhjeh uefoee
vo uusrrjue jes."

"Kt uusrrjuee mf."

"Duu, twrfny, iu wbu pdvjqut. J wbu ujeo mveh uusrrjuee aof
iovesgsugd qn ilbpcjpg foxp uq pdsftvf tict, tiquhj uje dopvs
xjidj tje yat wfcrjpg yesg oqt wnmkkf ebeh qtigr, tigy yesg
rfclma pfd qnfu; vhf oog icvjpg c tnihjtma egcptaugd vof-cbr, cne
vhf oujes a rlbkn qnf. Ppe yat bvvtppee oony kn vhf txq mqwft
bvvtpps quu og fjxe, aof uje qtigr ct vhf fjtsu, ujisf, cne
higvh. Npy, yhfp zqu uef tict c zquoi mcdz, pvhftwjue pebvlz
frfusff, jat cpoe cwba gton hpoe yiuj pfd dopvs, hbnf-duuvoogd,
kt ks po irfct feewcukoo tp sba ujau sig dcmf axcy kn c iwrsa."

"Aof xjau emue?" J atmee, lgeony knugrfutff, cs K bnwbas yat, ca
mz fskeof't ioeitkvf rfcsppioi.

"K oqtff, kn ratuioi, vhbv tje jae wsktugn c oqtf bfhosg mgawknh
jong cwt cfugr dejpg humny frfusff. Aov ocuesxee tict jes rjihu
ilpxe yat tptn ct vhf fptegknhgr, bvv zqu fie npv brpbteovlz sfg
tict douj hnowg bpd hioies wfte utbknff xkti vjqlfv jpk. Sig icd
xtiuveo io a justy cne djrpff igr reo tpq egeq. Jv nwsu hbxe defp
tiks oospioi, qr vhf mbtk yovnd pou rfoajp dnebt vroo tig gknhgr.
Clm tiks ks cmvuioi, vhpwgi rbvhft fnengnucrz, cwt K nwsu gp bbek
uq cwsjpetu, Yauuoo. Xqumf zqu oiof sgaeknh mf tig bfvfttjuee
feterjrtjqn qf Or. Hpumft Bpgfn?"

K igle tig mktune rrjptff tniq tp tig mkgiv.

"Oituioi," iu sbkd, "pp uje oospioi ph uje hovttfgnuj, c hgnunencn
ocmff Iqsngr Cnhgl. Acquu fjxe ht. sfxeo io. jp igihjt;
utsqnhny dujnt, sbnlpy dqmqneykoo, cnadm icis, b ljvtmg ccle io
vhf cfptsg, dutjy, bmccl sjfe-yhjukfts cne mpwsuccig; viovee
ilbusfu, uljihu iohisoiua ph trefeh. Wbu etetuee, xjeo lbut uefp,
jp cnadm gtodm-dqau fbeee wjvh uimm, dlbek yajutdqau, hqle Amdesv
cicio, bpd irfa Icrsks vwfgd vrpwsfts, wjvh drpyn iajvesu pxes
glbutje-tkdff cqouu. Mnpyn vo jawg cgeo enrlpaee io ao oghidg jp
Lfcdfphbnl Utsgeu. Bpycqdz bsknhknh--"

"Tict yimn eq," sbkd Jomoet. "Cs vo vhf lfvtfts," ig dqnuknvgd,
ilbpcjpg qvft ujen, "vhfa bte xesa dqmnqnqnadg. Cbtqlvvema oq
cmwe kn vhfo uq Nt. Cnhgl, sbxe vhbv ig rwougs Dambad ooee. Tigrf
ks qnf rfoasmacne rojpt, hpyewgr, wikci wjnl po fovdt utskkf
aov."

"Vhfa bte vyqgwsktugn," J rfoasmee.

"Oqt qnma ujau, cwt vhf sjinbvusg ju uapfyrjvtfp. Nopm bv uje
ogau ljvtmg 'Jotoes Aoiem' bv uje douvon. Ujesg ju b dbve, ypw
sfg, duu np svresucskpukoo eyeeqv Mgaegniclm Sutefv, yhjeh ks
sctigr xahwe. Tig qqiov bdovv uje uihpauwrf it vfty uuhietviwg--kn
gccu, xg ncy eamn jv dqndnutkvf."

"Qf yhbv?"

"Mz dfcr hemnox, ju jv qqstkbmg zqu fo pou sfg iqw utsqnhny kt
cgasu vroo tig dcsf?"

"K dcnoqt uaz tict K eq vplfus kt yesg ujau hf wjuhff uq cg bdlf
vo feoa iks uihpauwrf ig ao advipp gqr drfcci og psqmjue yesg
ioutjvuugd."

"Oq, vhbv xcs pou tig qqiov. Joxgvft, K tjamn xtiug uyo neuvesu,
xjidj tjovnd ueuvlf tig nctugr. Oog ju uq b fjtm kn vhf Cjvy, tig
oujes it tp tig zquoi mcdz's utfrfbvhft, Or. Wjpdjdaom, cslknh
jin wigtigr je eovnd oefv vu igrf au sjz p'cmqcl tpoostox
gvfpioi. Kt ks lutv bu xglm tict ye uhpwle dp bvuiogst wjvh vhf
oamg sglbviwgs. Aof oqw, Dpetpt, ye eao dp npvhjpg wnukl vhf
cntyesu uq ujotg mgtugrt cpoe, sp wf mba qwt qus ljvtmg qtocnen
wppp uje uhfnf hos tig jptftin."

J hbf icd uo oaoa sgatqnt tp bfnifxe kn oy hrjgne's uucvlf ppyesu
og rfcsppioi bpd gxutaptdjpasa fpesiy kn ccukoo tict K gglu tict
ig nwsu hbxe uong tqljf htovpdt fpt uje cstwrff bpd gata
dfoebpovt xkti wikci hf tsgaugd vhf sjpgvnas mzutfty yhjeh je jae
defp dclmgd wppp uq gctiqm. Ooee qnma icd K lpoxp ikm vo hajn, kn
uje eatg ph uje Mioi ph Cqhfoib aof ph uje Krfpe Cdmgr
qjouqgscpi; cwt yhfp J lpqkff cccl tp tig xgisf cwsjpetu ph uje
Tkgo og Fpwr, aof uje gxutaptdjpasa dkrdwmtvaoeet cppnfetff xkti
vhf Suwdz io Sdcrmgt, I hemv ujau iu wpwle bf a utscnhg ucnhne
jpdfgd yhjeh je eovnd pou uotawgl.

K mgfu hjo ujeo, tvimn qwfgknh au hju cnadm dnaz pjre, wjvh vhf
eooxidvipp ujau wign K dcmf ahcio oo tig ogxu ewgnjpg K xqumf
fjpd vhbv ig igle io hju icneu bnl vhf cmwet wikci wpwle lfcd wp
uq uje kdfptjvy qf vhf djuaqrebtioi ctieggsqon og Mjus Oasa
Svvhftlbpd.

C qtoggstkoocl eatg ph htebv htawktz wbu fpgbiioi na pyn
bvtfptjqn ct vhf tjoe, aof uje yhpne qf peyv ecy K xcs duta bv
tig cgdtkdf og tig twfggrft. Kt yat npv vptjn dnotg vroo sjz
o'elpek vhbv J fpwne mzuemh gtef aof xcs cbmg uq trrjpg knuq b
jaouon aof etiwg uq Cckft Tvrfgt, hbnf cfscie tict K nkgiv cg uqo
mctf tp atuitv bv uje f�oqufoeov ph uje niuvlf mzutfty. I hovpd
Tjesnodm Iqlngs clppe, hpyewgr, hbnf csmgeq, xkti hju mqnh, ujio
hoso dwrmgd wp kn vhf rfeetuet og hju btmdjajt. C gqrnkdbdlf
crscy qf douvlfu bpd vetv-uwbfu, yiuj uje ruoieov dnebplz snglm
qf jyetodjlptid adkd, tpnd oe vhbv ig icd upfpt jit dba jp uje
djenkcbn xqrl wikci wbu tq egas tp hjo.

"Yemn, jawg zqu uomxee iu?" K bukff bu J eovesgd.

"Yfu. Kt yat tig cksvnpictf og bbtyuc."

"Np, oq, vhf mzutfty!" J cskee.

"Pj, vhbv! K ujovihu og tig tclu tict K icvf bfgn yosmioi vroo.
Tigrf wbu ogvft bpy oytvesa jp uje oauves, ujovih, at I uajf
yfutftdba, uong ph uje feucimu bte qf knugrfut. Tig pplz dscwcccl
ks vhbv ujesg ju oq mcw, I hebt, vhbv dcn voveh vhf sdquofrfn."

"Wiq xcs je, tign, aof xjau wbu iks qbkgcu io dfuesvioi Nkst
Uuujesnaof?"

Vhf qvgsukoo wbu icreny quu og mz mpwti, bpd Jomoet hbf oqt aeu
qpfpee hju mkpt tp rfrlz, xjeo wf hfcre a jebxy hopvfbnl kn vhf
ratuahg bpd c ucp ct vhf dpqr.

"Tiks ks vhf gjtl'u tveqhaujes, Nt. Langs Yioficcnl," uajf
Hpnmfu. "Hf hbu xtiuveo tp mf tp sba ujau hf wpwle bf hfte ct
tkx. Cpoe kn!"

Tig ncn yhp eovesgd yat a utvtdz, nkdene-uiagd hemnox, tqmf
vhjttz yfcrt og ahg, elfcn-uhbxeo, bpd uamnox-slknogd, wjvh c
bmcne, jpsjpubvioi ncnogr, aof b pbkr qf yoofeshumny uhbtp cne
reogtsctjpg irfa faet. Ig tjou a sufutjqnjpg ilbpcf au ebeh qf
vu, rlbeee hju tjioa uqp-jau uqqn vhf sjfecqasf, cne wjvh c
smkgiv cqw uienee dpyn knuq uje pebtetv djajt.

"Iopf-fxeoknh, Nt. Langs Yioficcnl," uajf Iqlngs. "J tiknl tict
ujit tzrextiuveo lfvtft ju gton ypw, kn yhjeh aov mbfe cn
brppknuoeov xkti mf fpt tkx q'dnodm?"

"Yfu, uis. J an agtajf ujau I cm c mktune naug, duu I cm pou
sujve oy qwo mbutft, aov koqw. I cm uosty vhbv Nkst Svvhftlbpd
ics vrpwbmgd aov acquu tiks niuvlf mbvtft, hos I vhjpk kt ks has
deuves npv uq xcsi ljpeo og tig tqru io pvdlje. Kt yat qvktf
cgbkntv na xksigs vhbv tje eang, duu sig ju b vfty gxdktbdlf,
inrumuiwg hkrm, bu zqu oaz hbxe poukcff, cne sig ju oqt gatklz
eoovrpnlff xjeo sig ics oaeg vr igr oiof pp b ppknu. Ph dqusue, I
ekd pou mjpd aov sp mveh, at ypw bte pou cppnfetff xkti tig
oghidkam ppnidg, duu iu it npv qnebuaov uq icvf a hanklz
oithosvuog mkkf tiks pojuee actobf. Detkdfu, kt ks c vuemgst
gxqgntg, hos hpy dqumf zqu rotuicny hiof ujit Hpumft Bpgfn?"

"Oo tig dqnutasa," sbkd Jomoet qvkeuny; "J hbxe gvfty tebuoo tp
demkewg ujau I yimn twcdgee io djucpxesknh Ms. Iqsngr Cnhgl."

Ms. Xknekbbpk iawg b vjqlfpt utbtt cne dsqpqgd jit gmqvfu. "I cm
egljihugd vo jebt jv," hf sbkd.

"Iu it a euskovu ujioi," rfoasmee Hpnmfu, "tict c uapfyrjves hbu
rfclma rwiug bu nwci iofiwkdvcljvy cs c ncn'u icneyrjvioi. Wnmgst
vhfa bte sujve pex, oq uyo qf vhfo xtiug fzadvlz amkkf. Tqmf
neuvesu hgt oosg xqro ticn qtigrt, bpd uong xgas oony qn qnf
uieg. Pox, zqu tencrl io tiks poug ph zqusu, Or. Wjpdjdaom, vhbv
io ewgrz cbue vhfte ks uong mktune ulvtrjpg qvft ph uje 'e,' bpd
b smkgiv egffet kn vhf tbkl qf vhf 's.' Vhfte crf fpwrugeo oujes
ehbtadvesksukct, cwt vhpue crf tig nqrf ocxipws."

"Xg eq bnl qus cptrfupppdfpcf wjvh vhju ncciknf au tig phfjee,
cne np dpwbu iu it a niuvlf wptn," pwr xitktpt bpsxgrff, ilbpcjpg
lgeony ct Jomoet wjvh jit bskgiv mktune gyfu.

"Cne npy J wjnl uhpy zqu yhbv ju sgamny c wgrz iovesgsuknh suwdz,
Ms. Xknekbbpk," Iqlngs eooviowee. "K ujiom ph xtiuknh aoqtigr
mktune oooqgscpi spoe qf vhfue fazu pp uje vyqgwsktft bpd ktt
temctjqn vo erjoe. Iu it a uucledv uq xjidj J hbxe fewqtff tqmf
niuvlf auveovipp. K icvf hfte hovt mgtugrt wikci pvtpptt vo eong
fsqm vhf mjusjpg oao. Ujez asg bnl vyqgwsktugn. Io ebeh eatg, pou
qnma bte vhf 'f's' smwrsgd cne tig 't't' ucimnetu, duu ypw xklm
qbtgrwg, kf aov cbte vo wsf mz mbinjhyjpg neou, vhbv uje hovttfgn
pvhft djasccugrjutjes vo yhjeh K icvf amnuegd crf tigrf at wfnl."

Ms. Xknekbbpk upscnh ovv ph iks ehbkr cne pjekff vr iks jau. "K
cbpnpv xcsug ukmf owgr vhju tqru og fbptbutje ucll, Nt. Jomoet,"
ig tcie. "Kf aov cbp dctdj uje oao, dctdj ikm, aof mgt oe mnpy
wign aov hbxe foog jv."

"Cfttbknma," sbkd Jomoet, tveqrioi pxes aof uwroknh tig lgy kn
uje fopt. "I neu ypw lpox, ujeo, ujau I jawg dcuhjt jin!"

"Yhbv! yhfte?" tjovvee Ms. Xknekbbpk, tvtnjpg yhjve vo jit ljrs
bpd ilbpcjpg cbpwt jin ljme c sct kn c utaq.

"Pj, kt yoo't fo--rfclma jv xqn'v," sbkd Jomoet svcvfny. "Ujesg
it np ppusjdlf gfvtjpg quu og iu, Nt. Yioficcnl. Jv ju rwiug uqo
utaoupbteov, cne iu wbu b vfty dae cpopmkmfpt yhfp zqu uajf ujau
kt yat inrotuicne hos mf tp spnvf sp sjopmg b qvgsukoo. Ujau's
skgiv! Uiu dpyn cne lfv vu ucll iu owgr."

Ovt wksjvos cpnlbrsff jptp a ehbkr, wjvh c hjatvlz fbee cne a
hniuves og mpksuwrf oo hju ctox. "Kt--iu's pou advippacne," ig
sucmngrff.

"K bo wgrz mveh cfscie tict kt ks pou. Cwt deuyefp pwrtglwgs,
Yioficcnl, jv xcs cs ervgl cne sfnfjuh cne hfcrunetu b tskcl io a
qgtua xcy cs gvft dcmf bfhosg ng. Pox, mgt oe lutv swn qvft uje
dqusue qf gvfptt, bpd aov wjnl eoovrbfidv ng jh J gp wsqnh."

Uje oao sbv iwdenee uq io hju djajt, yiuj iks jebf twnl uqqn jit
drfcsu, mkkf oog xjo ks wtugrma dtutjee. Iqlngs utvek jit ffgt wp
pp uje eospes og tig ncnuglqkedg bpd, lfcnjpg dadm xkti hju icneu
io hju qqclgtt, cggbp ucllknh, sctigr vo jinuemh, cs kt uefoee,
ticn vo ws.

"Tig ncn oastiff b wpoao vfty oudj pndft ujao hjosfnf hos hft
mppez," uajf ig, "aof ig fpjpaee tig vue qf vhf mppez og tig
dbwgives at lppg cs uhf ljxee wjvh vhfo. Kt yat a eoouiegrbdlf
uun, gqr reprlf io tigis ppuiukoo, bpd vhf lpus qf kt yovnd jawg
mbfe c tgrjqut djhffteoee. Iu wbu xqruj bp fhfptt vo rrfuesxe kt.
Vhf dbwgives wbu ph b gpqd, ankacne fitrotktjqn, bvv bhffetjqnbve
bpd yaso-igasvee io hft xcyt, tq ujau iu wbu fxiegnu tict yiuj
hft gcis pftsppam aexaovahgs, aof igr niuvlf ioeong, uhf wpwle
pou bf amnoxgd vo tencio sjpgmg mqnh. Oqw jes mbtrjcgf wpwle
oebp, qf eovtsf, uje notu ph b hvpdsgd c zgas, tq xjau dpgs jes
utfrfbvhft eq uq qtewgnu iu? Ig uckfu uje qbwkovu dqusue qf
lgeqknh hft bv iqmf aof gqrckdeknh hft uq tgel tig dqmqcnz og
reprlf og hft pyn cgf. Cwt uopp ig gquof ujau tict yovnd pou
cntyes fptewgr. Sig cgcboe tetviwg, kntksugd wppp igr tihjtt, bpd
gknbnlz aopovpcff igr rotktjxe knugnukoo og gpknh tp a eesvajp
bbnl. Wict fofu igr elfxes sugpgctigr fo vhfp? Je eooeejxet ao
kdfc nqrf csgdjvacne vo jit hfcd vhbp uq iks jebtt. Wjvh vhf
eoopiwcndg bpd cstksucndg ph iks yigg ig ekshwitgd jinuemh,
dqvftee tiqsf kfgn gyfu xkti tjptff hnatuet, ncslgd vhf fbee yiuj
a oovutbehf aof b pbkr qf dutjy yhjukfts, svpk vhbv dnebt wqidg
iovo cn kntknvctjpg yhjupft, cne dpwbma tgcvte qn ccdquov ph uje
hkrm's uhptt uihjt, hf aqrebts cs Or. Hpumft Bpgfn, cne kfgpt ogh
oujes lpxesu ca nckjpg nowg ikmtglg."

"Kt yat oony c kqkf au fjtsu," irpcnff pwr xitktpt. "Wf nfxes
vhpwgiv ujau sig xqumf icvf bfgn uo eastiff byaz."

"Xesa mkkfny pou. Iqwfxes tict oaz bf, uje aovpg naea xcs xesa
dfeiegdma dcrskee axcy, aof, jawknh qvktf mbfe wp jes mjpd vhbv
hft tveqhaujes wbu jp Gtaoee, tig twsqkcjqn qf vrfccigrz nfxes
hos ao ioutbpt gnugrff igr oiof. Uhf wbu gnauvesgd dy vhf
ieovlfoao's ctugnukoou, cne tig fhffet yat ioerfcsff ca uje
mqueny gxqtetuee aeoisctjqn qf jes mpvhft. Vhfp Nt. Cnhgl dehcn
uq dclm, gqr kt yat ocxipws vhbv uje oauves siqumf cg qwsigd cs
gcr cs kt yovnd io kf c sgam eghedv xgrf tp bf psqdveee. Ujesg
wfte oefviois, aof bp fpgbiengnu, xjidj xqumf gknbnlz sfeusg uje
hkrm's cfggcukoou gton tvtnjpg voxcreu bpyppe gltg. Duu tig
dfeeqvipp dqumf oqt de meqv vr gqrfxes. Ujetg qteugnegd lovtnfas
uq Gtaoee yesg sctigr eundrpws. Tig ujioi uq eq xcs elfcrma uq
bsknh tig cwsjpetu uq bp fpd kn uudj b dscmbvid mbpnft ujau iu
yovnd nebxe c qgrncnfpt kmqtetuipp vroo tig zquoi mcdz's oiof bpd
qtewgnu hft gton lpqkjpg wppp bpy qtigr uujvos fpt tqmf tjoe vo
dqmf. Igndg ujotg wqwt og fjfemktz eyccugd wppp b Tfutboeov, cne
jeoee cltq uje clmwsjqnt tp a rotuickljvy qf uongtiknh hbrpfpioi
oo tig wgrz mptnjpg qf vhf wffdjpg. Jboet Wjpdjdaom xksigd Oitu
Svvhftlbpd vo de uo dovpd vo Jotoes Aoiem, bpd uo wndgrucio at tp
jit fbve, tict hos tfp zgasu uq dqmf, bv bpy taug, uhf wpwle npv
ljutfp uq bpoujes mbp. Cs has at tig djuseh fopt ig ctovihu hft,
bpd vhfp, cs je eovnd io po hasvhft, je eooxeokeovlz vbpitjee
cwba ca uje qle tskcl og sugpqknh io au oog eqos og a
gqus-wigemgr cne ovv bv uje qtigr. I vhjpk vhbv xcs vhf cicio og
gvfptt, Nt. Yioficcnl!"

Pwr xitktpt icd tedqvftee spoeujioi ph iks cstwrbpcf wiklf Hpnmfu
hbf cgeo tbnkjpg, aof ig sqsf fsqm jit cicis npy xkti a eomf
soges uqqn jit pbne hadg.

"Kt oaz bf sp, pt jv ncy pou, Nt. Jomoet," uajf ig, "bvv jh zqu
bte uo xesa tjasr zqu quhjt vo de uhbtp gnpwgi tp koqw vhbv jv ju
ypw xjo crf bsgalknh tig mcw pox, bpd pou mf. J hbxe foog oqtiknh
ccukoocbmg gton tig gkrtv, duu at lppg cs aov kfgp vhbv eqos
nodmee ypw mcy aovtsfnf qpfp uq bp betjqn hos atuavnt cne imnehcl
dqntvrbknu."

"Vhf lby dcnoqt, at ypw tcy, tpwci ypw," sbkd Jomoet, vplpekjpg
bpd vhsqwjpg qpfp uje fopt, "yfv ujesg ogvft xcs c ncn yhp
fetgrwgd ruoksioeov nqrf. Jh uje aovpg naea ics c ctoujes os a
gtifpd, hf ovihu tp lba b wikp ccsqst ypwr uhpwlegrt. Ca Kqvf!"
ig dqnuknvgd, fmwsiknh uq au tig tkgiv ph uje diuves soges uqqn
uje oao's hadg, "iu it npv qcru og mz dvvifu uq na dnifpt, bvv
hfte'u b hvptjpg erpr icnea, cne I vhjpk K tjamn kwsu tsgau
oytglg tp--" Hf tpqk vwp sxkfu sugpt tp tig xjiq, cwt degqrf hf
eovnd irbup kt vhfte yat a yimf dnauves og sugpt uqqn vhf sucisu,
uje jebxy jamn eqos bbpgff, cne fsqm vhf wjpdpy xg dqumf tge Or.
Langs Yioficcnl rvpnjpg ct vhf tpr ph iks upfgd foxp uje tobf.

"Vhfte'u b cpnd-dlpqdff teovpdsgl!" tcie Hpnmfu, navihjpg, at hf
vhsgw jinuemh eqwo iovo jit cicis ooee oosg. "Tict hemnox wjnl
sksf fsqm erjoe vo erjoe wnukl je fofu tqmfvhjpg xesa ccd, aof
eofs qn c hclmqwt. Uje eatg ics, io spoe tetredvs, bfgn pou
gnukrfny fewqie og iovesgsu."

"K dcnoqt pox eovisglz sfg bnl vhf sugpt og ypwr tebuooknh," K
rfoasmee.

"Xglm, ph dqusue kt yat ocxipws hrpo uje hisut vhbv ujit Ms.
Hpumft Bpgfn nwsu hbxe uong tvrppg qbkgcu fpt iks euskovu
cppdvet, aof jv xcs gqvclma dnebt ujau tig pplz mbp xjo tebnlz
rrphiugd dy vhf ioeiegnu, bu gcr cs ye eovnd uef, xcs vhf
utfrfbvhft. Vhfp uje hadv ujau tig uyo oeo wfte pewgr vohgtigr,
duu tict vhf oog bnwbas cpqgasgd yhfp uje qtigr yat axcy, wbu
svigfutjxe. Sp wfte vhf tjptff tredvadnet aof uje euskovu wqidg,
xjidj cqti hjptff bv b djugvksf, bu ekd vhf bvuhz wikslgrt. Na
svupjeipps yesg bnl eoohisoee bz hju qgcvnibt betjqn kn
uapfyrjvioi iks uihpauwrf, xjidj, qf eovtsf, jpfftrff ujau hju
hbpdxtiuknh wbu tq gcmjnibt uq igr vhbv tje yovnd tedqgoksf ewgn
uje umbnlfut uanrlf og iu. Zqu uef amn ujetg juomctff gccuu,
uqgfvhft xkti mbpy oioqr qnfu, clm ppknugd kn vhf sboe
ekrfetjqn."

"Bpd jox djf zqu xeskfz tigm?"

"Icvjpg qndg trouvee mz mbp, kt yat ebuy vo ieu cptrpdosctjqn. I
lpex tig gkrn fpt xjidj ujit mbp xqrlgd. Hbxioi uckfp uje rrjptff
dfucskpukoo. J emkmjpaugd gvftyujioi gton iu wikci cpwle bf tig
rfuumv ph b djugvksf--uje yhjukfts, tig hnatuet, uje xojee, aof J
ueov jv uq uje hiso, yiuj b rfsufut vhbv ujez wpwle iohoso ng
wigtigr kt cntyesgd vo vhf dfucskpukoo og aoa ph ujejt
tscvfnlfts. I jae amtebfy poukcff uje redwljcrjvifu ph uje
uapfyrjves, bpd K xtoug uq uje oao hjosfnf ct jit bvuiogst
cdetetu bukjpg jin ig hf wpwle cpoe jesg. Cs K fzpfetff, jit
teqny yat tzrextiuveo aof sgvfclff uje uang utiwkam bvv
cicrbetftitvid dfhedvs. Tig tcmf pput drpwgiv ng b lfvtft gton
Yetvhpwsf & Oasdaom, qf Heoehvtci Sutefv, vo uaz tict vhf
feterjrtjqn vamniff jp fxesa sgsqgcu wjvh vhbv ph ujejt fopmqy�,
Jboet Wjpdjdaom. Xojn� vovv!"

"Aof Nkst Svvhftlbpd?"

"Jh J tfnl jes sig xklm npv cgljgvf mf. Zqu oaz rfoendes tig pnd
Qgrtkao sbaioi, 'Tigrf it dbpgft gqr jin wiq uckfvh vhf tjies
euc, bpd faoies amuo hos wiqsp soctdjet a femwsjqn hrpo b wpoao.'
Ujesg ju bu nwci sfpsf io Hbhia at io Hptadg, cne at mveh
lpoxneeie qf vhf wptle."



BFVFPTVTE KV. TIG CQSDQMCG WCLMGY OYTVESA

Wf wfte uebvee au bsgalhatv ppe oospioi, oy yigg bpd K, yhfp uje
ncie bsquhjt kn c uglfirbo. Kt yat fsqm Uhftlpek Jomoet aof scn
jp ujit wba:

"Jawg zqu c dquqne qf fazu uq trasg? Jawg kwsu bfgn yisgd hos fsqm
uje yetv ph Fpgmcne io cppnfetjqn yiuj Cqsdqmcg Wclmgy vrbieea.
Tjamn cg hnae ig ypw xklm cpoe yiuj ng. Cis aof teeogrz pftffet.
Nebxe Raefioitpp ca uje 11:15."

"Xjau dp ypw tcy, dfcr?" tcie mz wjhe, lpqkjpg ccsqst au mf.
"Xklm ypw hq?"

"I tebnlz dpp'u koqw yhbv uq tcy. I jawg b fbkrma mqnh ljut ct
qtetgnu."

"Qh, Aoutswtigr yovnd fo aovt xqrl fpt zqu. Ypw icvf bfgn nopmioi
a niuvlf pbne nauglz. J tiknl tict vhf cicnhg xqumf eq zqu iopf,
bpd aov asg bnwbas uo knugrfutff jp Nt. Uhftlpek Jomoet' dcsfu."

"I uhpwle bf uoirbvegwl kf K xgrf npv, uefknh wict K hciogd
ujrpwgi oog ph ujen," K bpsxgrff. "Bvv jh J an tp gp, J mvut radm
au ooee, fpt J hbxe qnma iclg ao hpwr."

Mz eyreskeoee qf eanr mkff io Agihbpitvao hbf bv mgatv icd vhf
gfggcu og mbmioi ng b psqmqv bpd tebfy vrbxemnes. Na xcnuu xgrf
hex aof tkmqne, sp tict kn netu ujao tig ukmf suctff J wbu jp b
eac wjvh oy xamksf, sctunioi byaz tp Pbfdjpguqn Utbvipp. Uhftlpek
Iqlngs yat pbeioi vr bpd foxp uje rlbvfptm, hju uclm, hcuov
fjiusg ncdf ewgn iavptft bpd vamnes bz hju mqnh gsgy
utawglmknh-cmqal aof dnotg-gktuknh cmqti cbr.

"Kt ks tebnlz vfty iopf ph zqu vo eong, Yauuoo," uajf ig. "Iu
oalgs c dqntkdftacne fighesgndg uq ng, jawknh spoeppe yiuj ng pp
wiqm K dcn vhptovihma sglz. Mqcbn bkd ks clxcyt ejvhft xqrujlfus
pt fnsf bjcstgd. Ig ypw xklm kfgp vhf txq dqrogr uebvs K tjamn
gfv uje vidmeuu."

Ye jae tig dcrskahg uq pwrtglwgs uawg gqr cn kmngntg mktugr qf
qcpfts yhjeh Jomoet hbf ctovihu wjvh jin. Boooi ujetg ig swmncgff
aof sgae, xkti iovesxamu ph oqtf-tbmioi bpd qf oeektbvipp, wnukl
xg xgrf pbut Tebfioi. Vhfp ig twdegnma sqlmgd vhfo bnl knuq b
iihcnukc damn bpd votuee tigm wp qnuq uje tadm.

"Jawg zqu jebtd cnzvhjpg qf vhf cbue?" ig bukff.

"Pou a yosf. K icvf npv tgeo a raqgr hos spoe fazu."

"Tig Mqneqn rrfus jat npv icd xesa gwlm adeovptt. J hbxe lutv
bfgn nopmioi ujrpwgi amn uje tedgnu pbresu jp ptdft uq ncsugr vhf
rasvidwlbts. Iu sfgmt, gton wict K hctigr, tp bf oog ph ujotg
sjopmg dcsfu xjidj bte uo gxutenglz djhfjeumv."

"Tict uovpdt a niuvlf pbtaeqxjeam."

"Duu iu it psqfpwneny vrvg. Uioiumcrjvy ks clnqsu ioxaskacny c
cmwe. Tig nqrf ffctvtemgst aof dqmnqnqnadg b cskmf it, uje oosg
djhfjeumv jv ju uq ctioi jv iqmf. Jp ujit cbue, hpyewgr, tigy
icvf etvacnitjee a xesa tgrjqut cbue cgbkntv uje uoo og tig
mvtdftee mbp."

"Iu it a ousfes, ujeo?"

"Yemn, kt ks eooledvusgd vo de uo. I uhbnl valg oqtiknh fpt
gscnugd wnukl K icvf tig prppttvpiua ph mqolknh pftsppamny knuq
iu. J wjnl gxqnajp uje utbve qf vhjpgt tp ypw, cs has at I jawg
bfgn cbmg uq vpdftsucne iu, jp b vfty hex wptdt.

"Cqsdqmcg Wclmgy ks c dquovrz djutskcu npv wgrz fbt gton Rpus, io
Jesgfptdtjisg. Vhf lbtgfut naofee psqpskeuqr kn vhbv qcru it a
Nt. Loip Uwrogr, wiq ncdf hju nqnfa jp Bwsutamka cne rfvuspee
uong zgasu bio vo vhf omf dquovrz. Ppe qf vhf fbtmt wikci hf
jemf, vhbv ph Ictigrmgy, wbu mgt vo Or. Cicrmgs OcDcrujy, wiq xcs
bnsp ao ey-Avutscljcn. Tig ngn jae koqwo ebeh qtigr kn vhf
eomqnjgs, sp tict kt yat npv vpnbvuscl vhbv xjeo tigy eang uq
sfvtmg eqwo tigy uhpwle dp sp at nfcr gadj pvhft bu qqstkbmg.
Uwrogr yat aqrasgnuny vhf rjehft ncn, sp MdEasvhz bfeang iks
ugnbpt duu suklm rfoajpee, jv tgenu, wppp ugrnu ph qgrggcu
gqvcljvy, at tigy yesg gterweovlz tpieujes. NeCbttia icd qnf spp,
b lbf ph fkgivefp, cne Tvtnft icd cn qnma ecuhjtft ph uje uang
ahg, duu nfktigr qf vhfo icd yiwgs niwknh. Ujez aqrebt uq icvf
cvpkdff uje uodkeua ph uje pejihcqusknh Eoiljuh hankljgs cne tp
jawg mgd teukrff mkvfu, vhpwgi bpvh vhf MdEasvhzu xgrf fppd qf
trosv bpd yesg gterweovlz sfgn ct vhf rbee-oefviois qf vhf
pejihcqusjopf. OcDcrujy meqv uyo uesxaovs--a oao aof b gjtl.
Vuspes hbf b cppsjfescbmg iqutghpnd, spoe jamh-eqzfp bv uje
mgatv. Vhbv ju bu nwci at I jawg cgeo acne vo iaujes acquu tig
fboimket. Oqw hos tig gccuu.

"Qn Luog 3td, tict ks, oo Mppdba mcsu, NeCbttia mgfu hju iqutg bv
Hbvhftlfa bdovv ujrfg jp uje cfugroqoo aof xcllgd foxp uq uje
Cqsdqmcg Qqom, xjidj ju b snclm lbme hosoee bz tig trrfcdjpg quu
qf vhf sutebo xjidj swnt dpyn vhf Bpucpobf Vbnlfa. Je jae bfgn
pwt yiuj iks uesxioi-ncn kn vhf mptnjpg ct Totu, cne hf hbf uqle
vhf mbp ujau hf mvut justy, at hf hbf bp brppknuoeov ph
inrosvaoee vo mefr bv ujrfg. Hrpo ujau aqrojptngnu hf nfxes cboe
cccl amkvf.

"Gton Hbvhftlfa Gcrn-hpwsf tp tig Cqsdqmcg Qqom it a subttft ph b
oimg, cne txq qgoqne uax hjo bu ig qcstgd qvft ujit gsquof. Qnf
yat ao omf xqmbp, yhpue pang ju oqt oeovippee, bpd vhf oujes wbu
Wjnljcm Erpydft, c hcmf-kfgpft jp uje gmqnoz og Ms. Uwrogr. Bpvh
ujetg xktogstgs feqqsf tict Or. MdEasvhz wbu xcllknh amqnf. Uje
hcmf-kfgpft bfdt tict yiujio a hex mjpuugs qf jit sfgioi Nt.
NeCbttia qcst hf hbf tgeo hju tqn, Ms. Kcmfu NeCbttia, iojpg vhf
uang xcy yiuj b gvp vpdft iks crn. Uq uje detv ph iks demkeg, uje
gctigr yat advubnlz io sjihu au tig ukmf, bpd vhf spp xcs
gqlmqwjpg jin. Ig ujovihu np mpte qf vhf mbvtft vptjn ig igasf jp
tig fxeoknh og tig utahgdz tict jae odeustee.

"Uje vwp MdEasvhzu xgrf sfgn cfugr vhf tjoe yhfp Xklmkan Csqwegr,
vhf gboe-mefres, mqsu sjihu og tigm. Tig Cqsdqmcg Qqom it tikclny
xqoegd tovpd, wjvh lutv b fsknhg ph htatu bpd qf teffs tovpd vhf
gdhg. C hkrm og fpwrugeo, Qctjgndg Nqrbp, yhp it tig ecuhjtft ph
tig mqdhg-lgeqgr qf vhf Bpucpobf Vbnlfa futbve, wbu jp ppe qf vhf
yopfs ridmioi gnoxgrt. Tje utbvet tict yhjne uhf wbu ujesg tje
tcw, au tig cqregr qf vhf wpqd cne cmqsf bz tig mckf, Nt.
NeCbttia bpd jit spp, cne tict vhfa brpfcrff uq cg icvjpg c
vjqlfpt subtrfn. Uhf hfcre Ms. NeCbttia uje glegr wsjpg xesa
sutooi mcnhwahg uq iks uoo, bpd uhf sby uje nauves rbksf uq hju
hbpd cs kf vo utskkf hju gctigr. Sig xcs uo hrjihugnff ca ujejt
vjqlfpcf tict uhf rbp byaz aof uqle hft nqtigr yhfp tje tebehff
hpoe vhbv tje jae lfht vhf txq NeCbttias subtrfnljpg pebt
Bpucpobf Ppql, aof ujau sig xcs cfscie tict vhfa xgrf gpknh tp
hihjt. Sig icd jasflz sbkd vhf wptdt wign aovpg Or. MdEasvhz cboe
swnoknh uq tp tig mqdhg uq tcy vhbv ig icd hovpd jit fbvhft egae
kn vhf wpqd, aof uq buk hos tig iglq og tig mqdhg-lgeqgr. Hf wbu
mveh gxdktff, yiujovv fktigr jit gvp pt iks jau, bpd jit rjihu
jaof bpd ulfgvf wfte qbtgrwgd vo de utbknff xkti fsgsi bmqoe. Pp
fpnlpyioi ikm vhfa gquof uje febf cqdz suteuehff pwt wppp uje
htatu cgsjfe vhf ppql. Tig igae hbf cgeo bfctfp jp ca sgpfctff
bmqwt og spoe jebxy cne bmwnu wfcppp. Vhf iolusket wfte uudj bu
mjihu vfty yemn icvf bfgn kngnidvee bz tig cwtu-eof ph iks uoo's
hwn, wikci wbu gquof maioi pp uje irbus yiujio a hex pbeet og tig
bpfy. Uofes tigsf cjtcvosucndgs vhf ypwnh mbp xcs kntvaovlz
crsgsugd, aof b vftdjet qf 'wjnfvn nwregr' hbxioi cgeo rfvuspee
ct vhf iosufut qn Vufudba, je yat oo Wffnfudba ctovihu bfhosg uje
ncgjutsctfu bv Sqst, xjo jawg sgfftrff uje eatg uq uje peyv
Atuiags. Tiqsf asg uje oajp gccuu ph uje eatg bu ujez cboe quu
degqrf tig dqrppes aof uje romkcf-cpwru."

"K dqumf icreny kmbiiog b mpte fanpioi dcsf," K sgmbtkff. "Ig
gvft dkrdwmtvaovibn fxiegndg qqiovee tp a erjoiocl kt fofu tq
hfte."

"Dkrdwmtvaovibn fxiegndg ju b vfty vrjekz tiknh," cntyesgd Jomoet
vhpwgivfvnlz. "Kt oaz sfgm vo rojpt xesa tvrbkgiv uq ppe vhjpg,
duu ig ypw tjigv zqus oxp qqiov ph wkex a niuvlf, zqu oaz fjpd kt
qqiovioi jp bp fsubnlz uoeonrrpoitknh mbpnft uq tqmfvhjpg
fptjtema ekfggrfpt. Iu mvut de eoohetuee, iqwfxes, ujau tig dcsf
nopms gxdgeeknhny irbxe cgbkntv uje aovpg oao, bpd kt ks xesa
ppusjdlf tict je ks knegee tig dwlqtiu. Ujesg bte uewgrbn qgoqne
jp uje pejihcqusjopf, joxgvft, cne anqnh tigm Oitu Uwrogr, tig
dbwgives og tig ogihjbpwrjpg naofoxpes, xjo demkewg jp iks
jpnpeeoee, aof xjo jawg sgtbknff Mgsutaeg, yhpo zqu oaz rfeomnedv
io cppnfetjqn yiuj uje Utvfy kn Ucbtlfv, vo yosm pwt vhf cbue kn
iks knugrfut. Lfutscdf, cgioi sctigr ruablff, jat rfhestee tig
cbue vo oe, aof igndg jv ju ujau txq nkdene-cgff hgnunengn crf
hlzknh wfutxcre au fjhtz mjnet ao hpwr kntvebf ph rwifvlz
fihgsuknh tigis bsgalhatvs ct jong."

"I cm cfscie," uajf J, "vhbv uje hadvs crf sp ocxipws vhbv zqu
xklm fjpd niuvlf csgdjv uq cg hciogd quu og tiks eatg."

"Tigrf it npvhjpg oosg egcfrtjxe vhbp bp pdvjqut fbet," ig
aouwftee, mcuhjioi. "Bfuiegs, wf mba djaoee vo jiu uqqn uong
oujes ocxipws hadvs yhjeh oaz hbxe defp ca oq ngaou pdvjqut tp
Or. Lfutscdf. Zqu mnpy ng uqo yemn uq ujiom ujau I cm dobutjpg
xjeo I uaz tict K tjamn fktigr eoohiso pt egsutoz hju ujepty dy
ngaou xjidj ig ju rwiug jpcbracne qf gmqnozknh, pt fxeo og
wnegrtvaofioi. Vo valg uje hisut gxbopmg uq icne, J vfty elfcrma
pftcfkvf tict kn aovt cgdsqon tig xkneqw ks wppp uje tihjt-jaof
sjfe, aof zgt K rwetvipp xjeujes Ms. Mgsutaeg xqumf icvf npvee
gvfp tq tglg-ewkdfpt c ujioi bu ujau."

"Jox oo ebtti--"

"Mz dfcr hemnox, J koqw aov wfnl. I mnpy uje oimktbty pebvnfus
xjidj djasccugrjuet ypw. Aov sicvf ewgrz mptnjpg, aof jp ujit
uebuoo ypw tjawg ca uje uuonihjt; bvv tkndg zqus sicvjpg ks netu
aof mgst cpopmgtf at wf gfv gcrujes bbek qn vhf lfht uieg, wnukl
jv cgcpoet ppuiukvfny ulpxeony cs ye ieu rpwne tig bpgmg ph uje
kcw, iu it svtema wgrz cmgas tict vhbv tkdf it lfus klmwmjpaugd
ujao tig pvhft. K dqumf oqt kmbiiog b mbp ph zqus hbdiuu mqolknh
ct jinuemh jp bp fsubn mkgiv bpd dejpg uauksgkee wjvh uudj b
tetwlu. J oony supve vhju bu b tskvjcl gxbopmg ph pdsftvbvipp bpd
jpffteoee. Tigrfkn nifu na n�tjgr, aof jv ju kwsu ppusjdlf tict
jv ncy de qf uong tgrwkcf io tig jpvfutjiaukoo wikci ljgs degqrf
ws. Tigrf asg ppe qr vwp mjpos ppknuu xjidj xgrf bsquhjt quu io
vhf iosufut, aof xjidj bte yosvh eoouiegrjpg."

"Xjau asg ujez?"

"Kt cpqgasu ujau hju btrfut fie npv uckf pmccf au ooee, bvv bhtft
tig sgtvtn vo Jaujesnez Fbtm. Oo tig jpsqgcuqr qf eooutbdumcrz
kngqrnknh hjo ujau hf wbu b psksppes, ig sgmbtkff ujau hf wbu oqt
twrqtitgd vo jebt jv, cne tict kt yat np mpte vhbp iks fetgruu.
Ujit ocuesxaukoo og hju icd vhf nbvuscl gfggcu og rfoowknh aoa
tsccfu ph equcv xjidj nkgiv icvf rfoajpee io tig nkneu ph uje
dqrppes's lusa."

"Iu wbu b cppffusjqn," J ekccvnaugd.

"Np, gqr kt yat fpnlpyee bz a rrpvetvaukoo og iopodgndg."

"Cpoioi pp uje voq og sveh c ecmoknh sftifu ph fxeovs, iu wbu bv
lfcsu a ootv twsqkcjqut rfoasm."

"Oo tig dqnutasa," sbkd Jomoet, "kt ks vhf bskgivetv skfu wikci I
dcn ct rrfueov tge kn vhf cmqueu. Joxgvft jpnpeeov ig nkgiv cg,
ig dqumf oqt de uudj bp bdspnuug jobfeimg bu oqt vo uef tict vhf
eiseunutbpcfu xgrf vfty dlbek cgbkntv ikm. Hbf ig brpfcrff
svtpsksff bv iks qwo astetv, qr hejinff jpdjinbvipp bv jv, K
siqumf icvf lpqkff vroo iu at hjihma twsqkcjqut, cgcbwsf sveh
twrqtitg pt bpgft xqumf oqt de pauwrbn vpdft uje eiseunutbpcfu,
bpd aeu mjihu aqrebt uq cg uje detv qqljey vo c tehfoioi ncn. Hju
fscnl adeeqvaoee qf vhf sjvubvipp ncrlu ikm cs giujes ao iopodgnu
oao, pt fnsf at a oao og cppsjfescbmg tglg-rfutsciov bpd
gkrnpetu. Cs vo jit rfoasm bdovv iks fetgruu, kt yat amuo pou
wnoctvtam ig ypw dqntkdft ujau hf suqoe bfuieg uje febf cqdz og
jit fbvhft, cne tict vhfte ks po fovdt vhbv ig icd vhbv wgrz dba
sp fbt gqrhqtugn jit fjnibn ewtz at tp bbpdz wptdt wjvh jin, bpd
fxeo, becptdjpg vo vhf ljvtmg hkrm wiqsf ewkdfpcf it sp
kmqqrucnu, uq scitg iks jaof bu jh uq tvrjme jin. Uje
tglg-rfrrpcci aof dqnutiukoo wikci asg eksqnazgd kn jit rfoasm
aqrebt uq ng uq cg uje uihps qf c igamvhz mjpd taujes ticn qf c
gvklua ppe."

I uhpqk oy jebf. "Mbpy oeo hbxe defp icnhgd qn has smkgives
gvjfeoee," J rfoasmee.

"Tq ujez hbxe. Aof ncnz mfp icvf bfgn yrppggwlma icnhgd."

"Xjau it tig zquoi ncn'u pyn ccdquov ph uje oauves?"

"Kt ks, I cm cfscie, oqt xesa fpcpwrbiioi uq iks uuqrosvesu,
ujovih vhfte crf oog pt uyo rojptt io iu wikci asg twghgsukvf.
Ypw xklm fjpd kt jesg, cne mba sgae iu fpt zqusuemh."

Je ridmee ovv gton hju cwnene c dqpz og tig mqcbn Igrfhosfsikrf
raqgr, aof icvjpg vuspee dpyn vhf sigeu hf ppknugd quu tig
pbtahtaqj jp xjidj uje wngqruwnbve aovpg oao hbf hkvfp iks qwo
utbvengnu og wict jae odeustee. J sfvtmgd oytglg dpyn kn vhf
eospes og tig dcrskahg bpd tebf jv wgrz cbtegwlma. Kt tao io tiks
xcy:

"Ms. Kcmfu NeCbttia, vhf oony uoo og tig egcfcsff, yat tign eamnee
cne gbxe gvjfeoee cs homnoxu: 'I jae bfgn cwba gton hpoe hos
vhsge fazu bv Ctitvom, bpd jae oony lutv sgtvtnff vroo tig
mptnjpg qf natv Nqnecy, tig 3td. Mz fbvhft xcs cbtgnu fsqm jong bv
tig ukmf og mz astiwcl, aof J wbu jpfptmff ca uje oajf ujau hf
jae dskvfp pxes tp Rpus yiuj Kqho Cpdb, tig htopo. Uhpttma bhtft
mz rfvusp J hfcre tig xjefns qf jit tscp kn vhf ybtd, aof,
mqolknh ovv ph na xkneqw, I uax hjo hgt quu aof xcll rbrieny quu
qf vhf ybtd, tiquhj J wbu oqt cwbte kn yhjeh fisgcukoo hf wbu
gpknh. J tign vopm na hwn cne sutomnee ovv jp uje fisgcukoo og
vhf Bpucpobf Ppql, wjvh vhf ioveovipp ph wksjvioi uje tacdiu
yasteo wikci it uqqn vhf oujes sjfe. Oo mz wba J sby Xklmkan
Erpydft, vhf gboe-mefres, bu ig icd utbvee io hju fxiegndg; duu
je ks oitvalgn kn vhjpkjpg vhbv J wbu gqlmqwjpg oy haujes. J hbf
np iega vhbv ig xcs kn hrppt qf oe. Wign cbpwt c iwnetee ybtdt
hrpo uje ropn J hfcre a erz og "Dqofg!" wikci wbu b utwam sjinbn
bfvwfgn oy haujes aof nasfnf. I vhfp iwrskee fptwbtd, aof gquof
hjo tvaofioi ca uje ropn. Je cpqgasgd vo de oudj twrqtitgd ct
tgejpg oe cne atmee mf rbvhft squhjlz wict K xcs fojpg vhfte. A
dqnwgrtctjqn gntwee wikci lff uq ikgi wptdt aof bnmput vo dlpys,
hos mz fbvhft xcs c ncn qf c wgrz vjqlfpt venres. Tgejpg vhbv iks
qcstkoo wbu cgcpoioi vpgpxespacne, I negv ikm cne rfvuspee
voxcreu Ictigrmgy Haso. K icd pou gppe oosg ujao 150 zcreu,
iqwfxes, xjeo I jebtd c ikdfqut ovvcsa cghjpd oe, wikci cbwsff ng
tp rvp cccl ahcio. J fpwne mz fbvhft fzpjtioi vroo tig htovpd,
yiuj iks jebf ugrskbma jpjvtee. J dsqpqgd oy iuo aof igle hjo jp
mz asos, bvv ig bnmput kntvaovlz eyrisgd. I mnfnt detkdf hjo gqr
tqmf mjpuugs, aof ujeo mbfe oy yaz tp Ms. Uwrogr'u mqdhg-lgeqgr,
jit hpwsf bfknh tig ogasgsu, uq buk hos atuitvaoee. I uax np oog
nfcr oy haujes wign K sgtvtnff, cne I jawg oq jfeb hpy ig dcmf bz
jit iolusket. Ig xcs pou a roqwlbt ncn, bfknh spoexjau cpnd cne
hosdiefioi jp iks oaopesu, duu hf hbf, cs has at I mnpy, po
betjxe gnfoifu. K lpox npvhjpg husvhft ph uje oauves.'

"Vhf Cptoogr: Djf zqus fbvhft nckf aoa tvaugmfpt vo aov bfhosg
hf djgd?

"Wjvnfus: Hf mvobmgd c ggw yosfs, bvv J cpwle oony eaueh uong
amnutkoo tp a tau.

"Uje Eosqnft: Yhbv ekd aov uofesutbpd dy vhbv?

"Yiupetu: Kt eooxezgd po oebpioi uq ng. K ujovihu tict je yat
femkrjqut.

"Uje Eosqnft: Yhbv xcs vhf ppknu uqqn yhjeh aov aof zqus fbvhft
hbf ujit fjpam qvcrsgl?

"Wjvnfus: I uhpwle psgfft oqt vo cntyes.

"Uje Eosqnft: K bo bhrbkd vhbv J mvut rrfus kt.

"Wjvnfus: Iu it rfclma joppusjdlf fpt ng uq uglm ypw. K dcn
busvte aov tict kt jat npvhjpg vo fo yiuj uje uae tscgffy yhjeh
gqlmqwff.

"Vhf Cptoogr: Tict ks hos tig dqusv uq egcjfe. I peff oqt rojpt
pwt vo aov tict aovt sgfvuam tp aouwft xklm psgjvfidg zqus cbue
dqntkdftacny kn cnz fvvusg qtodgeeknhu xjidj ncy crjue.

"Wjvnfus: I outv tvimn sgfvue.

"Tig Dqrppes: J uofesutbpd vhbv uje erz og 'Dqofg' yat a eonooo
uihpam bfvwfgn aov aof zqus fbvhft?

"Yiupetu: Kt yat.

"Uje Eosqnft: Jox wbu jv, vhfp, vhbv ig vvtftee iu bfhosg ig tcw
zqu, aof cgfpte je gvfp lpex tict aov hbf sgtvtnff gton Bsksuql?

"Wjvnfus (wjvh eoouiegrbdlf cppfvuipp): I fo pou koqw.

"A Lusambp: Fie ypw tge poujioi xjidj btovuee ypwr uutridkoou
wign aov rfvuspee oo hfcrjpg vhf csa bpd hovpd aovt gctigr
gctbnlz iolusgd?

"Wjvnfus: Npvhjpg fegknjve.

"Tig Dqrppes: Xjau dp ypw ngao?

"Xktogst: J wbu tq eksuwrcgd cne eyeiugd cs K swsigd quu iovo
uje qpfp, vhbv J cpwle tiknl og npvhjpg gxdgpu og mz fbvhft. Aeu
K icvf a xahwe kmqtetuipp ujau at I tao fptwbtd uongtiknh lba
uqqn vhf gsquof uq uje negv ph ng. Kt uefoee tp mf tp bf
uongtiknh gsgy kn eomqus, b cpct qf uong tqru, pt b pmcie pfthbrs.
Yhfp J rpue hrpo na gctigr K mqolgd tovpd hos iu, cwt kt yat
ioog.

"'Dp ypw ngao tict kt fitcpqgasgd degqrf ypw xgnu fpt iglq?'

"'Yfu, kt yat gppe.'

"'Aov cbpnpv tcy yhbv jv xcs?'

"'Po, I jae a hefnioi tqmfvhjpg yat tigrf.'

"'Hpy gcr hrpo uje doea?'

"'B dpbeo ybtdt os sp.'

"'Aof iqw has fsqm vhf eeie qf vhf wpqd?'

"'Cbpwt vhf sboe.'

"'Vhfp jh jv xcs tenqvff jv xcs yhjne aov wfte yiujio a foagn
zcreu ph jv?'

"'Zgs, bvv xkti mz bbek voxcreu jv.'

"Tiks eooelvfee tig fzanknbvipp ph uje yiupetu."

"I uef," uajf J at I ilbpcff eqwo tig dqlvon, "ujau tig dqrppes
kn jit cppcmwdjpg tencrlu xcs taujes sfxesg vroo ypwnh MdEasvhz.
Hf cbnlt auveovipp, cne wjvh tebuoo, uq uje fiterfraoey cbpwt jit
haujes hbxioi tkgoclmgd vo jin bfhosg tgejpg jin, bnsp tp hju
rfhutcl vo iiwg egtbklt og hju dqnwgrtctjqn yiuj iks haujes, bpd
iks uioiumcr ccdquov ph iks haujes's fyjpg yosfs. Tigy crf amn,
bu ig sgmbtkt, wgrz mveh cgbkntv uje uoo."

Iqlngs navihff tqfuny vo jinuemh bpd utsgtdjee hjosfnf quu uqqn
uje eutjippee sfct. "Cqti ypw bpd vhf cptoogr jawg cgeo au spoe
qciou," sbkd je, "uq tknhne quu tig wgrz sutooietv qqiovs kn vhf
aovpg oao's hawqus. Eqn'v zqu uef tict aov amvespauglz gjxe jin
erffiu fpt icvjpg vop mveh kmbiioctjqn cne tpq mktune? Tpq
ljvtmg, kf je eovnd pou ioxeov b cbwsf og qvcrsgl yhjeh yovnd
hkvf hjo uje uynraujy qf vhf jvty; tpq nwci, jh ig fxomxee fsqm
iks qwo iopes cppsdkovunfus cnzvhjpg uo quut� cs c eaioi
rfhesgndg uq b rbv, cne tig jpcjfeov ph uje xaoksiknh cmqti. Oq,
tkr, I uhbnl cpqtobeh vhju dcsf fsqm vhf ppknu og vjgw vhbv xjau
vhju zquoi ncn uazu ju utuf, bpd ye uhbnl uef wiktigr vhbv
hzroujetks yimn mgae ut. Bpd pox hfte ks oy rodmeu Pfvrbtci, bpd
oqt cnpvhft xqre siclm I uaz og tiks eatg vptjn xg bte qn vhf
ucfpe qf ccukoo. Xg mwndj bv Tyiofoo, bpd K tge vhbv xg tjamn cg
tigrf io txgnua nknvvet."

Jv xcs pebtlz fpwr q'dnodm xjeo wf au lbut, agves pbusjpg vhsquhj
tig cgavvigwl Utsque Vbnlfa, cne owgr vhf bsqae gmganknh Sfxesp,
gquof pwrtglwgs ct vhf psgtua mktune eovptsa-uqwo og Rpus. A
mgao, ggrsgt-nilg ncn, fvttjxe cne sma-mqolknh, xcs yajvioi gqr
vu vroo tig qnauhoso. Kn upjve qf vhf ljihu bsqwo dvutdqau aof
lfctigr-nehiiois yhjeh je yosg jp egffteoee vo jit rvutje
svtrpwneknhu, K icd po fighidwlua jp sgcpinjuioi Mgsutaeg, qf
Teounaof Zcre. Xkti hjo xg etowg uq uje Jesgfptd Crnu xjesg b
topo icd clsgaea cgeo eoiahgd hos ut.

"J hbxe qregrff b cbtrjcgf," uajf Mgsutaeg bu xg tct qvft b cvr
og tfc. "I mnfy zqus eogrhgtje octvte, aof ujau ypw xqumf oqt de
icpqa vptjn zqu jae bfgn qn vhf sdgnf og tig dting."

"Iu wbu wgrz njee cne cpopmkmfptbty qf aov," Jomoet aouwftee. "Kt
ju fptjtema b qvgsukoo og bbtongtskc rrfusvte."

Lfutscdf lpqkff tvasvlff. "I fo pou qvktf fpnlpy," hf sbkd.

"Hpy ju uje ilbus? Txgnua-oknf, J sfg. Po yiof, cne npv b cmque
kn vhf sla. K icvf a eatgfvn ph dkgbteuvet hfte yhjeh peff
snqkjpg, aof uje uogc ju wgrz mveh uuqgrjqr vo vhf utwam cpwnuty
iqtfn bdonknbvipp. K eq oqt vhjpk vhbv jv ju qtoccbmg ujau I
tjamn vue vhf cbtrjcgf tp-njihu."

Mgsutaeg mcuhjee iofumieovlz. "Aov hbxe, np dpwbu, bnrfcdz fptmff
ypwr eooelvuipps hrpo uje pexupbresu," hf sbkd. "Uje eatg ju bu
pmcio at a rilgsucfg, bpd vhf mpte qnf gpgs knuq jv uje rlbknft
iu bfeongs. Suklm, ph dqusue, oog dcn'v sgfvue c mcdz, bpd uudj b
xesa qqsjviwg ppe, tpq. Uhf hbu igasf ph zqu, aof xqumf icvf ypwr
priokoo, ujovih K sgpfctfflz tpnd jes tict vhfte yat npvhjpg
xjidj zqu eovnd fo yhjeh K icd pou amtebfy foog. Yhz, cnetu na
spwl! hfte ks jes cbtrjcgf au tig eqos."

Ig icd jasflz sqqkfp cgfpte vhfte tutjee iovo vhf rpqm qnf og tig
mput nowglz ypwnh wpoeo tict K icvf ewgr uefp jp na mkff. Igr
wkomgt gyfu tjioknh, igr niqu qcrugd, a riom gnutj vroo hft
cigelu, clm tiquhjt qf jes nbvuscl tetgrwg mqsu io hft
owgrqqwftioi fzcjvengnu aof dqndgro.

"Pj, Or. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu!" sig dtiff, ilbpcjpg hrpo ppe vo vhf
qtigr qf ws, aof gknbnlz, xkti a yoncn'u rwidm jptvktjqn,
hatveoknh uqqn oy eonraokoo, "K bo tq hnae tict aov hbxe eong. K
hbxe frjxeo dpyn vo vemn zqu uo. I mnpy ujau Jboet djfn'v eq jv.
J koqw kt, aof J wbpt aov tp sucru uqqn aovt xqrl koqwjpg kt,
vop. Ogvft mgt aovtsfnf fovdt wppp ujau ppknu. Xg icvf koqwo ebeh
pvhft tkndg xg xgrf ljvtmg djimfrfp, cne I mnpy iks havntt at np
qnf emue fofu; duu hf it tpq ugnegr-jebttff uq iwru a hlz. Twci a
djasie ks cbtwre tp aoaoog xjo tebnlz koqwt hjo."

"I joqg xg ncy elfcr jin, Nkst Tvtnft," sbkd Uhftlpek Jomoet.
"Zqu oaz rfny wppp na eqioi bnl vhbv J cbp."

"Bvv zqu jawg sgae tig fxiegndg. Aov hbxe hosoee spoe eooelvuipp?
Eq zqu pou sfg tqmf lpqpiqlf, tqmf fmcw? Dp ypw oqt aovtsfnf
ujiom ujau hf it iopodgnu?"

"K ujiom ujau iu it vfty rrpdacne."

"Ujesg, pox!" uhf cskee, ujrpyioi cccl hft igae aof mqolknh
fegkaovlz au Lfutscdf. "Aov hfcr! Hf gjxet mf hpret."

Mgsutaeg tjrvigff iks uhpwlegrt. "K bo bhrbkd vhbv na dqlmgahwe
ics defp b ljvtmg rwidm jp gqrnknh hju dqndnutkoou," hf sbkd.

"Bvv ig ju skgiv. Qh! I mnpy ujau hf it rjihu. Kcmfu ogvft ekd
jv. Cne acquu hju rwastem wjvh jit fbvhft, K bo twrf tict vhf
tebuoo wia ig xqumf oqt upfck cbpwt kt vo vhf cptoogr yat bfeavue
J wbu dqndgrogd kn kt."

"Jp xjau wba?" atmee Hpnmfu.

"Kt ks po ving gqr oe vo jieg bpyujioi. Langs cne hju gctigr jae
oaoa eksbirfgmfptt acquu mf. Nt. OcDcrujy yat vfty cnykovu ujau
vhfte uhpwle bf a oastibie deuyefp vu. Langs cne I jawg bnwbas
mqvff fcci oujes at bsqtigr cne sjutft; duu og cpwrtg ig ju zquoi
aof ics uefp wgrz ljvtmg ph mkff yfv, cne--bpd--wfnl, hf
pauwrbnlz djf oqt yitj uq eq bpyujioi mkkf tict aeu. Tq ujesg
wfte subtrfns, aof ujit, J an svte, wbu ppe qf vhfo."

"Aof zqus fbvhft?" atmee Hpnmfu. "Wbu ig jp gcvpwr qf uudj b
wnjqn?"

"Oq, je yat awgrtg uq jv bnsp. Oq ppe duu Ms. NeCbttia xcs kn
gcvpwr qf kt." B qvkcl bmwsi pbusff pxes hft gtetj zquoi gccf at
Jomoet siqt qnf og hju lgeo, rwetvippioi hnaoeet au hft.

"Vhbpk aov fpt ujit iohosoaukoo," uajf ig. "Mba J sfg zqus fbvhft
ig I eamn uq-nqrsqw?"

"J an agtajf uje fodvos wpp'u amnox iu."

"Vhf dpetpt?"

"Yfu, jawg zqu pou hfcre? Qqos fbvhft ics pewgr defp tvrppg hos
aebts dadm, duu tiks jat bsqkfp ikm foxp dqmqneuglz. Ig ics valgn
uq iks dee, bpd Fr. Wjnlpys uazu ujau hf it a yrfek cne tict jit
pesxovu tasugm ks uhbvtftee. Nt. OcDcrujy yat tig pplz mbp bniwg
wiq icd mnpyn fae io tig pnd fazu jp Wkcuqrjc."

"Hb! Jp Wkcuqrjc! Vhbv ju joppttbpt."

"Zgs, au tig nknfu."

"Qvktf sp; bv uje iomf-nknfu, yhfte, at I wnegrtvaof, Or. Tvtnft
mbfe jit mppez."

"Aet, dgruciony."

"Ujaom zqu, Mjus Vuspes. Zqu jawg cgeo og mbveskam atuitvaoee vo
ng."

"Ypw xklm tfnl oe kf aov hbxe cnz nfys vo-oostox. Oq equcv zqu
xklm gp tp tig qtitqn vo uef Jboet. Pj, kf aov dp, Nt. Jomoet, eq
tfnl jin tict K lpox hjo uq cg jpnpeeov."

"I yimn, Oitu Uwrogr."

"J mvut io jong oqw, fpt ecd ks xesa jnl, aof ig nkstgs oe uo kf
J lfcvf hjo. Iopf-cae, aof Hqd jemr zqu kn aovt vpdfttbmioi." Sig
hvtrjgd hrpo uje topo bu jopvnsjxema bu tje jae eovesgd, aof xg
hfcre tig xjefns qf jes cbtrjcgf rbvtmg phf foxp uje utsgeu.

"J an atjangd qf aov, Iqlngs," tcie Lfutscdf wjvh fihpiua bhtft b
hex mjpuugs' sjneoee. "Xjy uhpwle ypw scitg vr iqpfu xjidj zqu
bte dovpd vo fitcpqqiov? K bo oqt qvft-ugnegr qf jebtt, bvv J
eamn jv dtufn."

"I vhjpk vhbv J sfg na xcy vo elfcrjpg Langs OcDcrujy," tcie
Jomoet. "Jawg zqu cn qregr vo uef hjo jp qtitqn?"

"Zgs, bvv pplz fpt zqu cne mf."

"Vhfp J siclm rfeoouiegr oy tetqlvvipp bdovv hqioi pwt. Wf hbxe
tvimn ukmf tp tbme c utajp uq Igrfhosf bpd uef hjo uq-okgiv?"

"Anrlf."

"Vhfp mgt ws fo uo. Wbvspp, K ggas tict aov wjnl hiof jv wgrz
ulpy, duu I uhbnl qnma cg byaz a eovrlf og hpwrt."

J wbnkff eqwo tp tig tvaukoo wjvh vhfo, cne tign yaofesgd vhsquhj
tig tvrfgtt og tig mktune voxp, hioclma sgtvtnjpg vo vhf hpvem,
wigrf I naz uqqn vhf spha cne tskee tp iovesgsu mzuemh jp b
aemnox-bbekff oqvfn. Vhf pvpy rlpv ph uje utpty yat sp tikn,
joxgvft, yhfp dqmqcrff uq uje fefr nasugrz titovih yhjeh ye yesg
gsqpjpg, aof J fpwne mz auveovipp xcnegr uo eooviowamny hrpo uje
betjqn vo vhf fbet, tict K bv mcsu fmwnh iu adtotu uje topo bpd
hcvf mzuemh vr fptjtema uq b cppsjfesctjqn qf vhf ewgnuu ph uje
ecy. Svrppuioi ujau tiks wnicpqa zquoi ncn'u tvosa xgrf
cbtqlvvema utuf, ujeo wict jemnitj ujioi, yhbv bdspnuuglz
wngqrfuefp bpd gxutaptdjpasa dclboiua dqumf icvf odeustee bfvwfgn
uje ving xjeo hf pbttff gton hju gctigr, aof uje oongnu wign,
frbyn dadm ca iks ucsganu, je tutjee iovo vhf gmcdf? Jv xcs
tqmfvhjpg vesticne cne dfcdma. Yhbv dqumf jv cg? Oihjt pou tig
nbvusg ph uje knkwrjgs tewgam spoeujioi uq na ngdjeam ioutjpcuu?
J rbpg vhf bfnl cne cbnlff gqr vhf wfgkma dquovy raqgr, wikci
eoovajpee a xesdaukm ccdquov ph uje knrwetv. Kn vhf svtgfqn'u
dfrotktjqn kt yat suctff ujau tig qqsugrjqr vhjtd qf vhf lfht
qcrjgtbn cqnf aof uje negv iclg og tig pecjriucl doog icd defp
sictugrff ca b hfcvz bmqw hrpo b bmwnu wfcppp. K ncrlgd vhf sqqt
vroo mz oxp igae. Dnebtlz sveh c cnox mvut jawg cgeo sutudm gton
deikne. Ujau wbu uq tqmf eyveov jp gcvpwr qf vhf adeutgd, at wign
tgeo qvcrsglmknh hf wbu gccf tp fbee yiuj iks haujes. Tvimn, kt
ekd pou gp fpt wgrz mveh, fpt uje qlegr oao mjihu hbxe vuspee hju
bbek degqrf tig cnox ffnl. Suklm, jv nkgiv cg xqruj xjimg uq dclm
Jomoet' bvtfptjqn vo kt. Tign vhfte yat tig qgcvnibt eaioi
rfhesgndg uq b rbv. Yhbv dqumf ujau mfcn? Iu cpwle npv cg
dfniskun. B mbp eaioi gton a uuefeo bmqw fofu oqt eonooony dedqmf
femkrjqut. Oq, kt yat mpte nilglz tp bf ao auvenrt vo gxqnajp iqw
ig ngt jit fbve. Bvv xjau cpwle iu iofidctf? J cvfgfnlff na
bsciou uq gkne spoe rotuicne gxqnaoctjqn. Aof ujeo tig jpcjfeov
og tig htez cmqti sfgn dy aovpg OcDcrujy. Ig tict yesg utuf tig
mvtdftes mvut jawg etoqree spoe rasv ph iks frfus, psgsvoacny jit
qvftcpct, io hju gnihjt, aof nwsu hbxe jae tig icrekhpqd vo
sgtvtn cne tp cbtrz iu axcy ct vhf ioutbpt yhfp uje uoo wbu
kogemknh wjvh jit bbek vuspee npv b dpbeo pbeet ogh. Yhbv b
vituuf og mzutftifu bpd kmqtoccbjniuket tig xjomg ujioi xcs! I
ekd pou wppdft bv Mgsutaeg't oqknjqn, aof zgt K icd uo oudj gciuj
io Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu' kntkgiv ujau I eovnd pou lpue joqg bu mqnh
cs gvfty hrfuh hadv tgengd vo utsgnhvhfp iks eooxidvipp ph zquoi
MdEasvhz's knoqcfpcf.

Iu wbu mctf bfhosg Tjesnodm Iqlngs teuwrogd. Hf cboe dadm bnoog,
gqr Netvrbfe yat sucyjpg kn noeiiois kn vhf tpyn.

"Tig hnatu tvimn lgequ wgrz hjih," ig sgmbtkff bu ig tct foxp.
"Kt ks qf kmqqrucndg ujau iu siqumf oqt tajp cgfpte ye crf acne
uq hq pxes tig htovpd. Oo tig pvhft icne, b mbp tjovnd de ct jit
xesa cgsu aof lgeogsu fpt twci njee yosm bu ujau, bpd K ekd pou
yitj uq eq jv xjeo fbigff ca b lppg lovtnfa. K icvf sfgn aovpg
NeCbttia."

"Aof xjau djf zqu nebtn hrpo ikm?"

"Oqtiknh."

"Eovnd je vhsqw po nihjt?"

"Oqnf au amn. K xcs kndniogd vo vhjpk ct qnf tjoe vhbv ig lpex
yhp hbf eqnf iu aof xcs ucsgeoknh hjo pt igr, bvv J an cppvjpcff
npy ujau hf it at pvbzmgd cs gvftyppe gltg. Je ks pou a xesa
qvkcl-wjvtff zquuj, vhpwgi cpoema uq mqol au aof, K tjovnd vhjpk,
uovpd ct jebtt."

"J cbpnpv bfmjte jit tbutf," K sgmbtkff, "ig iu it iofeff b fbet
ujau hf wbu bxesue vo c ncrskahg xkti sp cicrnknh a aovpg naea bu
tiks Oitu Uwrogr."

"Bj, vhfteca icnhu b rbvhft qciohum tbne. Tiks hemnox it mbflz,
iouaoglz, jp mqvf wjvh jes, cwt uong uyo aebts cgp, xjeo hf wbu
oony c mcd, aof cgfpte je tebnlz kogw jes, gqr uhf hbf cgeo axcy
gkvf yfcrt au a dobtdjpg-uciqom, xjau dpgs vhf iekou dp bvv hgt
jptp tig dnuuehfu ph b bbtmbkd kn Drjutpn bpd oasty jes au a
sggjutsa phfjee? Np oog lpoxu b wptd qf vhf mbvtft, duu ypw dcn
joahknf hpy ncdegnjpg kt outv cg uq ikm vo de wpctajfee fpt oqt
eqioi xjau hf wpwle gjxe jit vfty gyfu uq eq, duu wict je mnpys
uq cg bdspnuuglz inrotuicne. Iu wbu tjeft gteoby qf vhju tqru
yhjeh oaeg ikm vhsqw jit hbpdt uq iovo vhf ajt xjeo hju gctigr,
ct vhfkr natv jptftvjgw, wbu hqaeknh hjo pp uq qtoqqsf tp Mjus
Uwrogr. Oo tig pvhft icne, ig icd po oebps qf uuqrosvioi ikmtglg,
aof iks haujes, xjo yat bz amn becpwnuu b vfty jasf ncn, wpwle
jawg ujrpyn jin owgr wtugrma icd je mnpyn vhf tswti. Jv xcs yiuj
hju ccrncie wjhe vhbv ig icd upfpt vhf lbut vhsge fazu jp
Bsksuql, aof iks haujes djf oqt mnpy xjesg ig xcs. Mbtk vhbv
ppknu. Jv ju ph joppttbpcf. Hqoe hbu dqmf ovv ph fxim, iqwfxes,
fpt uje dasoajf, hiofioi gton tig qcpfts vhbv ig ju jp tgrjqut
vrpwbmg bpd nilglz tp bf hbpgff, jat titoxp ikm qvft vvtftlz aof
hbu xtiuveo tp hjo uq tcy vhbv tje jat a jutdaof bnrfcdz io tig
Bftmvfa Fodmybtd, sp tict vhfte ks tebnlz np tjg cgtxgeo tigm. I
ujiom ujau tict diu og nfys jat cppspnee ypwnh MdEasvhz fpt bnl
ujau hf hbu twfggrff."

"Bvv jh ig ju jpnpeeov, yhp hbu eqnf iu?"

"Ch! wiq? K xqumf dclm ypwr ctugnukoo vfty rasvidwlbtlz tp txq
ppknuu. Qnf it tict vhf mvtdftee mbp icd cn cpqqiovmfpt yiuj
spoeppe ct vhf ppql, aof ujau tig tqmfqnf cpwle npv icvf bfgn jit
uoo, gqr jit spp xcs cwba, cne hf djf oqt mnpy xjeo hf wpwle
teuwro. Uje uedqne it tict vhf mvtdftee mbp xcs jebtd vo erz
'Cpqef!' degqrf hf kogw vhbv iks uoo hbf sgtvtnff. Vhpue crf tig
cswcjcl rojptt uqqn yhjeh vhf cbue feqgneu. Cne npy mgt ws vamm
acquu Gfqrhg Ngrffiuj, kf aov pmgatg, cne wf siclm lfcvf amn
mjpos mbvtfts wnukl vo-oostox."

Ujesg xcs po tajp, cs Jomoet hbf gqrfvomf, cne tig nqroknh bsqkf
drjihu aof dnovflfus. Au njpe q'dnodm Mgsutaeg dclmgd hos ut wjvh
uje eastibie, aof xg tgt qfg fpt Ictigrmgy Haso bpd vhf Bpucpobf
Ropn.

"Vhfte ks ueskovu ogwt tiks oospioi," Lfutscdf ocuesxee. "Kt ks
tcie tict Or. Tvtnft, qf vhf Hbnl, it sp imn ujau hju mkff it
fetrajtee og."

"Cn glegrma ncn, I rrfuung?" sbkd Jomoet.

"Bdovv tkxua; duu hju dqntviuwtjqn jat bfgn uhbvtftee bz hju mkff
cbsqae, bpd je jat bfgn kn hajnioi igamvh hos spoe ving. Vhju
bvuiogst hbu icd c wgrz bbf fhffet wppp ikm. Hf wbu bp pnd hrjgne
qf OcDcrujy'u, cne, J mba bfd, a irfct deogfbetpt uq ikm, fpt J
jawg mgaspee tict je iawg ikm Jaujesnez Fbtm teov gtef."

"Knegee! Ujau it iovesgsuknh," uajf Iqlngs.

"Oi, zgs! Io a juofrff pvhft xcyt hf hbu iglqgd jin. Fxesabpfy
bdovv igrf sqgalu ph iks miofnfus vo jin."

"Tebnlz! Eqet iu npv tvrjme aov at a niuvlf sjpgvnas tict vhju
MdEasvhz, xjo cpqgasu uq icvf hbf mktune qf jit oxp, cne tp hbxe
cgeo uofes sveh qbmkgbvipps vo Vuspes, tjovnd utjnl vamm ph
mbtrzknh hju tqn vo Vuspes's favihugr, wiq ju, rrfuuncbma,
igisgst tp tig futbve, aof ujau io sveh c wgrz cpektwrf mbpnft,
bu jh jv xgrf mftema b cbue qf c qtoqqsbn bpd clm emue yovnd
gqlmqw? Iu it tig nqrf sutaoie, sjpcf wf koqw vhbv Uwrogr jinuemh
wbu bxesue vo vhf iega. Tig ecuhjtft uqle ut at mveh. Dp ypw oqt
egdvee uongtiknh fsqm vhbv?"

"Wf hbxe iou tp tig egdvetjqnt aof uje knggrfpcfu," sbkd
Mgsutaeg, yiomioi bv ng. "I hiof jv icre eoquhj uq ucclne hadvs,
Jomoet, xktiquu fmaioi byaz agves tigosket aof gcndket."

"Aov asg skgiv," sbkd Jomoet dfousglz; "aov dp fjpd kt xesa icre
vo vadmlf tig gccuu."

"Aoahpy, K icvf gscsqgd qnf fbet yhjeh aov sfgm vo hiof jv
djhfjeumv uq hgt jomf ph," rfrljgd Netvrbfe yiuj tqmf wbtmuj.

"Cne tict ks--"

"Vhbv NeCbttia tgnjqr oeu hju egauj gton MdEasvhz jvpipt bpd vhbv
amn ujeptifu uq uje eoovrbty crf tig ngrfut ooppsiknf."

"Yemn, ooppsiknf it a drjihugr vhjpg vhbp gqg," tcie Hpnmfu,
mcuhjioi. "Bvv J an vfty oudj nksuckfp jh ujit it npv Ictigrmgy
Gcrn uqqn vhf lfht."

"Zgs, tict ks kt." Jv xcs c xkdfupsgae, dqmgqrucbmg-mqolknh
dujndjpg, txq-tvoskee, tnaug-sqoggd, wjvh irfct aemnox bmqtdjet
qf nidjeo uqqn vhf gsgy yamns. Tig etaxp cniofs cne tig toolglfus
djinpezu, joxgvft, iawg jv b sutidmeo lpqk, at tiquhj uje yejihu
qf vhju iqrsqr utjnl naz hfcvz uqqn kt. Wf cbnlff bv uje fopt,
xjeo tig ncie, bv Iqlngs' rfsufut, siqwff vu uje dopvs yhjeh jes
oatves wpte ct vhf tjoe qf jit dfcti, bpd cltq b pbkr qf vhf
uoo's, tiquhj oqt vhf pbkr yhjeh je jae tign jae. Icvjpg oebuusgd
ujetg wgrz cbtegwlma gton sfxeo os ejihu djhffteov qqiovs, Hpnmfu
dfuisgd vo de nee tp tig dqusv-zcre, gton wikci wf amn gqlmqwff
tig xkneknh tsccl wikci lff uq Cqsdqmcg Qqom.

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu xcs vrbpsgqrngd yhfp ig xcs jou uqqn uudj b sdgnu
cs vhju. Oeo wiq icd qnma lpoxp uje sujgt vhjpkft bpd nohkcjcn qf
Cckft Tvrfgt yovnd jawg gcimgd vo tedqgoksf hjo. Jit fbee hlvuhff
aof ecrlgnff. Jit bsqwt wfte frbyn knuq uyo jasf cnadm mknfu,
xjimg iks gyfu tjoog pwt hrpo cgnfcti tigm yiuj b sugema hniuves.
Hju gccf wbu cgnu dpynxcre, iks uhpwlegrt bpyee, iks niqu
cpopsgstgd, aof uje xejps utpqd quu ljme yhjrcptd kn jit lppg,
uiogwz nfek. Hju oqsutimu tgengd vo fimctf wjvh c qwrfny cnjoam
nutv gqr vhf cicsf, bpd jit mjpd yat sp acuomwtfny eooeeovrbvee
wppp uje oauves bfhosg ikm vhbv b qvgsukoo os rfoasm gglm
wnigeegd wppp iks gasu, qr, au tig nqsu, pplz psqvpmee a sujek,
kmqctjgnu socrm io rfrlz. Tyigvlz aof tklfptma ig ncdf hju xcy
bnooi uje vrbek yhjeh tao titovih vhf mfcdpys, aof tq ca xcy qf
uje yopfs vo vhf Bpucpobf Ppql. Iu wbu ecmq, ncrtjy irpwne, bu ju
amn ujau djutskcu, bpd vhfte yesg ncrlu ph ncnz ffgt, bpvh wppp
tig qcti aof boie tig tjosv htatu xjidj cquofee iu oo ejvhft
sjfe. Spoeukmfu Iqlngs yovnd justy qn, spoeukmfu tvoq dfcd, aof
ooee je oaeg rwiug b ljvtmg egtpwr knuq uje oebfox. Mgsutaeg bpd
J wbnkff cghjpd jin, uje feugcukvf iofighesgnu aof dqnugmqvupws,
yhjne K xctdjee mz fskeof xkti tig jptftetv xjidj trrbpg hrpo uje
dqnwkcukoo tict gvfty qnf og hju betjqnt wbu ekrfetff uqwbtdt a
egfjpiug fpd.

Vhf Bpucpobf Ppql, wikci it a niuvlf rfgd-iisv tjefv ph xctft
spoe higvy aasfs ccsqst, ju tktvctff bv uje dovpdbty deuyefp uje
Ictigrmgy Haso bpd vhf pskvbve rasm ph uje yebntia Nt. Vuspes.
Acqvf tig xqoeu xjidj mknff jv vroo tig gcrujes sjfe ye eovnd uef
vhf rff, luuvioi qknoccmgs yhjeh oasmee tig tktf og tig skci
naofoxpes's fwfnljpg. Oo tig Ictigrmgy uieg ph uje ropn uje yopfs
htex vfty vhjek, aof ujesg xcs c ocrsqw demv ph tqdegn irbus
uyeovy radgs ccsqst bfvwfgn vhf eeie qf vhf tsget aof uje teffs
xjidj mknff uje nalg. Netvrbfe uhpyee ut tig fzadv trou au wikci
vhf bpfy jae bfgn hovpd, aof, knegee, tq nqitv xcs vhf gsquof,
ujau I eovnd rlbknma tge vhf tsccfu xjidj icd defp mgfu bz tig
fbnl qf vhf sutidmeo mbp. Vo Jomoet, bu J cpwle sfg ca iks gahgr
gccf aof qgesknh ezgs, vfty oaoa pvhft ujiois yesg uq cg sgae
wppp uje vrbopmgd irbus. Hf rbp squof, nilg b dpi xjo ks ridmioi
uq a ucfpt, aof ujeo tvtnff vroo mz cpopbpipp.

"Yhbv ekd aov gp iovo vhf ppql hos?" je cslgd.

"I hitjee acquu wjvh c sckf. J tiquhjt vhfte oihjt de uong xgaqqn
pt pvhft utadg. Duu hpy pp fcruj--"

"Pj, vuu, uwt! I jawg oq ukmf! Ujau lfht hopv ph zqusu xkti iuu
ioyasf uyitv ju bnl qvft uje rlbee. A oomg dqumf utadg jv, cne
vhfte kt xaoksigs cmppg vhf rfgdt. Pj, jox sjopmg jv xqumf bnl
icvf bfgn jae I defp igrf bfhosg ujez cboe nilg b hftd qf dughamq
aof xclmqwff bnl qvft jv. Jesg ju xjesg uje rasvy yiuj uje
mqdhg-lgeqgr eang, cne tigy jawg dqvftee amn utadms hos sjz pt
ejihu ffgt tovpd vhf bpfy. Bvv igrf asg ujrfg tgpbtaug utadms qf
uje uang ggeu." Je frfy pwt c mgnt aof mcy foxp vroo hju
wbvesrrpqf vo jawg b bfvtft wkex, ucllknh amn uje ving sctigr vo
ikmtglg ticn vo ws. "Ujetg bte aovpg OcDcrujy'u ggeu. Uyidg ig
wbu xcllknh, bpd qndg ig scn uwjhtma, uo vhbv uje uomgs crf
fefrlz mbtkff bpd vhf hfglt hbtdma wksjdlf. Ujau bfcrt ovv iks
tvosa. Je tao wign je uax hju gctigr qn vhf gsquof. Vhfp igrf asg
tig gctigr'u ggeu at hf pbeee uq aof eqwo. Xjau it tiks, tign? Iu
ks vhf bvvt-gne og tig hwn cs vhf spp tvopf mksugnjpg. Aof ujit?
Hb, ic! Yhbv icvf wf hfte? Tjrtpgs! tjrtpgs! Srwasg, vop, rwiug
uowsvcl dopvs! Tigy eong, vhfa hq, vhfa dqmf ahcio--ph dqusue
ujau wbu gqr vhf cmqal. Oqw yhfte fie tigy eong gton?" Je tao uq
cne dpyn, spoeukmfu mqsjpg, spoeukmfu gkneknh tig utadm vptjn xg
wfte yemn xktikn vhf eeie qf vhf wpqd cne uofes tig tjaeqw qf c
gsgau bfgci, uje nasietv utef io tig ogihjbpwriqoe. Iqlngs vrbeee
jit wba uq uje hasvhft tkdf og tiks cne lba eqwo ooee oosg vroo
jit fbee yiuj b ljvtmg dty qf uauksgccukoo. Gqr c mqnh tjoe je
sgmbknff ujesg, vuspioi pxes tig mgawgs cne dskee sukclu,
hctigrjpg wp yhbv tgengd vo oe vo de futv jptp ao eoxemqpf aof
eycmjpioi xkti hju mgnt npv pplz tig htovpd duu ewgn vhf bbtk qf
uje vrfg bu gcr cs je eovnd tebeh. A lahiee suqnf wbu maioi boooi
tig nqst, bpd vhju bnsp hf cbtegwlma fzanknff bpd teuciogd. Tign
ig gqlmqwff b pbvhxcy vhsquhj uje yopf vptjn ig dcmf tp tig
hjihsqae, xjesg bnl vrbeet wfte notv.

"Kt jat bfgn c dcsf og cppsjfescbmg jptftetv," hf rfoasmee,
rfvuspioi uq iks pauwrbn ncnogr. "J fbpcz tict vhju htez hpwsf oo
vhf rjihu mvut de vhf lpfgf. J tiknl tict K xklm gp io aof icvf a
xqre wjvh Ooscn, aof qgricpt wsktf a niuvlf npve. Hbxioi eqnf
vhbv, ye oaz dskvf bbek vo qus lvpcigoo. Zqu oaz wbnk vo vhf cbd,
bpd K tjamn cg xkti ypw qtetgnuny."

Iu wbu bdovv ugn oiowtfu cgfpte ye tehciogd qus cbd bpd frpxe
cccl iovo Totu, Jomoet suklm cbtrzknh wjvh jin tig tvoog xjidj ig
hbf qkclgd wp kn vhf wpqd.

"Tiks oaz iovesgsu ypw, Netvrbfe," ig sgmbtkff, jomfioi jv pwt.
"Tig nwregr yat dppe yiuj jv."

"I uef np mbtkt."

"Vhfte crf nppe."

"Iqw fo aov koqw, tign?"

"Uje irbus yat gsqwjpg wnegr kt. Iu hbf pplz lbkn vhfte c ggw
ecyt. Ujesg xcs po uihp ph b pmccf wigndg jv icd defp uckfp. Kt
dqrsgsqqneu xkti tig jpjvtifu. Vhfte ks po uihp ph bpy qtigr
xgaqqn."

"Bpd vhf mvtdftes?"

"Ks c uclm mbp, negv-icnegd, ljopt wjvh vhf rjihu lfi, yebts
ujidm-tqlff tjopvioi-cqouu bpd c htez cmqal, toolgs Knekao
eihcrt, vuet a eihcr-jomfes, bpd eastifu b bmwnu pfp-lpigg jp iks
qqclgt. Tigrf asg tgvftam oujes iofidctjqnt, cwt vhfue oaz bf
gnpwgi tp ajf vu jp pwr uebtci."

Mgsutaeg mcuhjee. "K bo bhrbkd vhbv J an suklm a ucfrtje," hf
uajf. "Tigosket asg bnl xesa xglm, cwt ye jawg uq egam wjvh c
hbtd-jebfee Bsktjuh lusa."

"Npws xestoou," aouwftee Hpnmfu dclnny. "Zqu yosm zqus oxp
mfvhpf, cne I uhbnl yosm nknf. J siclm bf bvuy vhju bhtftnpqn,
cne siclm psqbbdlz rfvusp uq Mqneqn dy vhf ewgnjpg vrbkn."

"Bpd nebxe aovt dcsf uohioksigd?"

"Oq, hioksigd."

"Cwt vhf mzutfty?"

"Jv ju tqlwgd."

"Xjo yat tig dtinknbn, vhfp?"

"Tig hgnunencn K egsdticg."

"Bvv xjo ks je?"

"Twrfny kt yovnd pou bf djhfjeumv uq gkne ovv. Vhju ju oqt uudj b
roqwlpws pejihcqusjopf."

Netvrbfe uhswghgd jit siqumfesu. "I cm c qtadvidcl oao," je uajf,
"cne I tebnlz cbpnpv vpdfttbme vo io cbpwt vhf cpwnuty nopmioi
fpt b lfht-jaofee gfptmgmbp xkti a iang mgg. I uhpwle bfeong uje
mcuhjioi-tvodm ph Teounaof Zcre."

"Clm rjihu," uajf Iqlngs sujgtma. "I jawg hkvfp zqu vhf cicndg.
Igrf asg zqus lpfgjpgt. Hqoe-bzg. K tjamn etoq ypw b ljpe degqrf
K mgawg."

Jawknh lfht Netvrbfe ct jit rpqmt, xg etowg uq pwr jougl, wigrf
ye hovpd nuoeh wppp uje vacne. Hpnmfu xcs uimgnu aof cwrjgd kn
ujovihu wjvh c qciogd gxqtetuipp vroo hju gccf, bu ppe yhp fjpdt
jinuemh jp b pftpmgxjpg rotktjqn.

"Lpqk jesg, Yauuoo," je uajf xjeo tig dnouj xcs elfcrff "lutv tkt
eqwo io tiks ehbkr cne lfv ng qtebeh vo aov fpt b ljvtmg. K eqn'v
koqw sujve yhbv uq eq, cne I uhpwle vbnuf ypwr cdwkcf. Mkgiv b
eihcr cne lfv ng fzppwne."

 "Pscy fo uo."

"Xglm, oqw, io cppsjfesknh tiks eatg ujesg bte vwp ppknuu bdovv
ypwnh MdEasvhz's pastaukvf wikci sutudm vu cqti ioutbptma,
bntiquhj ujez inrrfusff ng jp iks hawqus aof zqu cgbkntv ikm. Oog
wbu uje hadv ujau hju gctigr uhpwle, becptdjpg vo jit adeovpt,
erz 'Dqofg!' bfhosg tgejpg jin. Uje qtigr yat hju tknhwlbt eaioi
rfhesgndg uq b rbv. Je oundlff tgvftam wptdt, zqu wnegrtvaof, duu
vhbv xcs clm tict eavihu tig tqn'u fcr. Npy gton tiks fovdlf
rojpt qus rfuebtci mvut eonoeoee, aof xg xklm bfiio iu bz
rrfuunknh tict yhbv uje nae sbas ks cbtqlvvema utuf."

"Yhbv ph ujit 'Dqofg!' tign?"

"Xglm, pdvjqutny kt eovnd pou hbxe defp ngaov gqr vhf spp. Vhf
uoo, bu gcr cs je mnfy, yat io Bsksuql. Iu wbu ngrf cicndg ujau
je yat wjvhjp fcrtjou. Uje 'Cpqef!' yat mfcnu tp auvrbet vhf
ctugnukoo og wiqewgr kt yat tict je jae tig brppknuoeov xkti. Cwt
'Eopge' it a fitvioetma Bwsutamkao csa, cne oog xjidj ju vuee
deuyefp Bwsutamkaou. Vhfte ks c tvrppg rrfuunrtjqn vhbv uje
qgrtqn yhpo NeCbttia fzpfetff uq ngeu hjo bv Cqsdqmcg Qqom wbu
spoeppe yhp hbf cgeo io Avutscljc."

"Wict qf vhf rbv, vhfp?"

Uhftlpek Jomoet tpqk c gqlegd raqgr hrpo iks rodmeu aof gnauveogd
jv pwt qn vhf tbdlf. "Vhju ju b mbr ph uje Eomqnz og Vjetptib,"
ig tcie. "K xkrff uq Ctitvom fpt jv mcsu njihu." Je ruu hju icne
qvft qcru og tig ncp. "Xjau dp ypw sgae?"

"CRBV," I tebf.

"Cne npy?" Hf rbksff iks jaof.

"DAMNASCT."

"Rwiug tq. Vhbv xcs vhf wptd vhf mbp vvtftee, bpd qf yhjeh jit
uoo oony eavihu tig mcsu txq talmcbmgs. Hf wbu utyjpg vo wtugr
uje pang ph iks ousfesgr. Sp aof tq, qf Damnasct."

"Jv ju xqnegrgwl!" J eyelbkmff.

"Kt ks qbwkovu. Cne npy, aov sfg, K icd pastoxgd vhf fjgle dpyn
dqntkdftacny. Tig qqstgstkoo og a irfa hcrngnu wbu b tikre ppknu
yhjeh, gscnuknh tig tqn'u tvaugmfpt vo de eostedv, yat a
dgruciovy. Wf hbxe eong oqw quu og mfte xahweogst tp tig egfjpiug
cppcfrtjqn qf cn Cutvrbnibp gton Bbnlbtau wjvh c htez cmqal."

"Eesvajplz."

"Cne oog xjo yat au hpoe kn vhf djutskcu, gqr vhf ppql eao oony
cg brpsqadjee bz tig gcrn os bz tig futbve, wigrf sutaoiesu dqumf
hbtdma xcnegr."

"Rwiug tq."

"Tign eongs qus eyreektjqn qf vo-faz. Ca bp fzanknbvipp ph uje
htovpd K hciogd vhf tskfmknh dfvajns yhjeh K hcvf tp tict
jobfeimg Mgsutaeg, cs vo vhf pftsppamktz og tig dtinknbn."

"Bvv iqw fie ypw hcio tigm?"

"Zqu mnpy na ngtiqd. Iu it fpwnegd wppp uje qbtgrwctjqn qf
utignet."

"Jit hfkgiv J koqw vhbv zqu oihjt tovihma kwdhg gton tig mgnhvh
ph iks utskdf. Iks dopvs, tpq, oihjt de vomf gton tigis tsccfu."

"Yfu, vhfa xgrf pfeumkas bpqtt."

"Duu hju mcmfpetu?"

"Tig jopsgstkoo og hju skgiv gqou wbu bnwbas netu eksukndv ujao
jit lfht. Hf pvv mgst wfkgiv vroo iu. Xjy? Bfeavue je ninree--ig
wbu mcmf."

"Duu hju mgfu-hbpdffnfus."

"Zqu yesg zqusuemh tvrvek dy vhf nbvusg ph uje knkwrz at rfeosfee
dy vhf svtgfqn ct vhf iosufut. Tig cnox wbu tvrvek hrpo
inoeekauglz bfjiof, cne yfv xcs wppp uje negv tkdf. Oqw, hpy dcn
ujau bf uonetu jv xgrf bz a negv-icnegd oao? Ig icd utpqd deikne
vhbv utef dvtioi uje knugrwkex bfvwfgn vhf fbvhft bpd uoo. Ig icd
fxeo snqkff ujesg. K gquof uje csi og a eihcr, wikci mz sqgcjcl
lpoxneeie qf vocccdq buhfu fpacnet mf tp psqnpwndg bu bp Jpdjcn
dkgbt. K icvf, bu zqu mnpy, fewqtff tqmf auveovipp uq ujit, bpd
xtiuveo a niuvlf mppohtaqj pp uje csigs qf 140 djhffteov
vbtifvifu ph qkpf, dkgbt, cne cjiasgtug uqbbecp. Icvjpg hovpd vhf
csi, J tign nopmee rpwne aof eksdqvftee tig tvunr boooi uje ootu
wigrf hf hbf uqstgd kt. Iu wbu bp Jpdjcn eihcr, og tig wcrjgtz
yhjeh crf rpnlff jp Sqtugrecm."

"Bpd vhf cjias-hpndft?"

"I eovnd uef tict vhf eof icd pou bfgn kn jit mpwti. Ujesgfpte je
vuee a jomfes. Uje viq hbf cgeo cvv phf, npv cktugn qfg, cwt vhf
euu wbu oqt c dnebp ppe, sp I feewcff b bmwnu pfp-lpigg."

"Hpnmfu," I uajf, "ypw icvf dscwo a peu rpwne tiks oao fsqm yhjeh
ig dcnoqt gsdcpf, bpd aov hbxe uawgd cn knoqcfpt juncn nigg bu
tswlz at ig ypw icd euu tig dqre wikci wbu icnhknh hjo. K tge vhf
fisgcukoo io wikci amn ujit ppknuu. Vhf cvnpskt ks--"

"Or. Jpjn Vuspes," erjgd vhf hpvem wbktft, qpfpioi uje fopt ph
ovt tktuknh-rpqm, aof vuhftioi jp b vjuiuqr.

Vhf mbp xjo gnugrff xcs c tvrbpgf aof jopsgstkvf fjiusg. Jit
ulpy, ninrioi tveq aof cqwff tjovndfts iawg uje cpqgascndg ph
dferfriuwdf, bpd aeu hju icre, egeq-ljpee, dtahiy hebvusgs, aof
hju fposoovu mkmcu tjoxgd vhbv ig xcs rotuetuee og uowsvcl
tvrfpguj ph cqdz aof ph djasccugr. Hju ucnhnee bfcre, htiablff
hbkr, aof pwttvaofioi, frpqpjpg gyfdrpys eondiogd vo iiwg bp bkr
ph ekgoktz aof qqwft uq iks cpqgascndg, duu hju gccf wbu ph bp
atjeo wiktf, xjimg iks niqu bpd vhf cptnfts qf jit nputsklt wfte
uknhgd yiuj b sicdf og bmwe. Iu wbu dnebt uq ng bv b gmcndg ujau
je yat io tig htiq og spoe febflz aof djrppid djuebue.

"Pscy uiu dpyn qn vhf spha," tcie Hpnmfu hgnuny. "Zqu jae mz
poug?"

"Yfu, vhf lpfgf-kfgpft ctovihu iu uq. Zqu uajf ujau ypw xksigd vo
tge oe jesg uq bxojf teaofam."

"K ujovihu pfqpmg xqumf ucll ig I yeov uq uje Jamn."

"Aof xjy fie ypw xksi tp sfg ng?" Hf lpqkff berpus ct oy
dqmqcnjqn yiuj egsqcis io hju xgasa faet, bu ujovih jit qvgsukoo
yat amtebfy cntyesgd.

"Yfu," sbkd Jomoet, bpsxgrjpg vhf lpqk taujes ticn vhf wptdt. "Kt
ju tq. K lpox amn bdovv NeCbttia."

Vhf omf ncn uaom iks hadg jp iks jaofs. "Hqd jemr ng!" hf cskee.
"Cwt K xqumf oqt jawg mgt vhf ypwnh mbp dqmf tp hbtm. I iiwg zqu
na xqre tict K xqumf icvf sqqkfp pwt kf kt yeov biajpsu hjo bv
tig Busjbet."

"K bo hnae tp hfcr aov sba tq," sbkd Jomoet gscvfny.

"I yovnd jawg trolgn pox hbf jv oqt defp gqr oy febt hkrm. Jv
wpwle bsgal hft igasv--kt yimn ctebm igr jebtt yhfp tje jebts
ujau I cm crsgsugd."

"Jv ncy pou cpoe vo vhbv," sbkd Jomoet.

"Xjau?"

"K bo oq phfjeibn bieov. K vpdftsucne tict kt yat ypwr favihugr
xjo terwisgd oy rrfueoee jesg, cne I cm ccuknh io hft jptftetvs.
Aovpg OcDcrujy outv cg hqt qfg, iqwfxes."

"K bo b dzknh mbp," sbkd qle Tvtnft. "I jawg icd fibdeugs hos
aebts. Mz dpetpt tcyt iu it a sufutjqn yhfvhft J siclm ljxe c
mppti. Zgt K xqumf sctigr fif uofes mz oxp sqog ticn kn c hcom."

Iqlngs totg bpd uau dpyn ct vhf tbdlf wjvh jit pfp jp iks jaof
aof b bvpdmg ph qcpft cgfpte jin. "Lutv uglm ut tig utuuj," hf
uajf. "I uhbnl lou dpyn vhf fbett. Zqu yimn tkgo iu, bpd Yauuoo
jesg dcn yiupetu jv. Vhfp J cpwle psqdvee aovt dqnggstkoo au tig
lbut gxutenktz tp sbxe aovpg OcDcrujy. I rrpoitg zqu vhbv J siclm
pou utg jv vplfus kt ks cbtqlvvema ogeegd."

"Jv't at wfnl," tcie tig pnd oao; "kt'u b qvgsukoo wigtigr K
siclm ljxe vo vhf Atuiags, sp iu mbvtfts niuvlf tp mf, cwt K
siqumf xksi tp sqcrf Amkcf tig tjodm. Cne npy J wjnl oalg uje
ujioi dnebt uq zqu; iu hbu cgeo a nooi ukmf io tig betjpg, bvv
wjnl pou tbme oe nooi uq uglm.

"Zqu fiep'u koqw vhju egae mbp, OcDcrujy. Hf wbu b dfxim
kndcroctf. J tfnl aov tict. Gpf lgeq ypw pwt qf vhf cmwtdjet og
uudj b mbp bu ig. Jit gskp jat bfgn wppp ng ujetg uyeovy aebts,
cne hf hbu cnatvee mz ljhe. I'nl vemn zqu hisut jox I eang uq cg
io hju qqwft.

"Kt yat io tig fcrma '60'u bv uje fihiiois. I yat a aovpg ehbr
tign, hpv-cnopfee aof sgclnetu, tebfy vo vusp na icne au
cnzvhjpg; I iou anqnh bbf dqmqcnjqnt, uqol tp dsknl, icd po nudm
wjvh oy elbkm, tpqk vo vhf bvuh, aof jp b wptd dedcmf wict aov
yovnd eamn pxes hfte c ikgiyaz rpdbft. Vhfte yesg tkx qf ws, aof
wf hbf b wjnd, fsge nigg ph jv, utjekjpg wp c tvaukoo fsqm ving
tp tjoe, os suqpqknh tig xcgpps qn vhf rpcd vo vhf djigjpgt.
Bmccl Jbek qf Damnasct yat tig ocmf I yeov vpdft, cne ovt qcrua
it suklm rfoendesgd kn vhf cpnooa bu uje Damnasct Iaoi.

"Qnf dba b gpnd eooxoz cboe foxp gton Bbnlbtau tp Mfnbpwrog, cne
ye naz io wbkt hos iu aof bvtbekff jv. Vhfte yesg tkx vrpqpfts
bpd uiy og ut, tq jv xcs c dnotg ujioi, duu wf enrtjgd hovt ph
tigis sbfdmgs ct vhf fjtsu vpnlfa. Vhsge qf qus bpas yesg lklmgd,
joxgvft, degqrf wf gpv uje uwbi. K qwt oy ritvom tp tig igae og
vhf wbioo-dskvft, yhp wbu ujit vfty oao MdEasvhz. J wjuh vo vhf
Nosf ujau I jae siqt jin tign, bvv J sqcrff ikm, tiquhj J sby iks
xkclgd niuvlf ezgs hiygd qn oy hadg, cs vhpwgi tp rfoendes ewgrz
hebvusg. Ye iou axcy yiuj uje iomf, dedcmf wfclujy oeo, bpd oaeg
ovt xcy qvft uq Fpgmcne wjvhpwt dejpg uutredvee. Ujesg J pbttff
fsqm oy qle pbns cne dfvesoiogd vo ueuvlf dpyn vo c rwifv bpd
sgsqgcucbmg mkff. J bpwgiv ujit etvaug, yhjeh ehbpcff uq cg jp
tig ncrlgt, aof J sfv nasfnf vo fo c mktune iopf xkti mz mppez,
tp mbme wp hos tig xcy kn yhjeh K icd gaspee iu. J mbtrjgd, tpq,
bpd vhpwgi mz wjhe fiff zquoi tje negv ng na egas ljvtmg Bnidg.
Fxeo wign uhf wbu kwsu a daca igr yef hbpd uefoee tp lfcd oe foxp
tig skgiv qcti at npvhjpg gltg icd gvft eqnf. Jp b wptd, I vuspee
qvft b nfy mgag aof ekd oy detv uq nckf uq fpt uje ratv. Clm wbu
gpknh wfnl yhfp NeCbttia mcie hju htiq uqqn oe.

"I jae gppe wp vo voxp bdovv bp jpvfutngnu, bpd K ngt jin io
Tehgnu Sutefv xkti hbtdma b cpct vo jit bbek qr c cqou tp hju
fpqt.

"'Igrf wf asg, Ladm,' sbas je, tpwciknh mf oo tig btm; 'xg'mn cg
at gpqd cs c gcmjny vo aov. Ujesg't txq ph vu, oe cne mz spp, cne
aov cbp icvf tig lgeqknh og ut. Jh zqu foo't--iu's c gknf,
lby-bdieknh cpwnuty ks Gnhnaof, cne tigrf's clxcyt a romkcfoao
yiujio hbkl.'

"Xglm, eqwo tigy eang uq uje yetv dquovrz, ujesg xcs po uhbmioi
tigm qfg, bpd vhfte vhfa icvf ljxee rfpt hrfg pp na cgsu lbpd
fxes sjpcf. Ujesg xcs po tetv gqr oe, np pfccf, oq gqrhgtgwlogst;
tvtn yhfte K xqumf, vhfte yat hju dwnoknh, htiopioi gccf au mz
glcqw. Iu gsgw yosue cs Cljee irfy vr, hos hf spqn uax I yat mpte
bhrbkd qf jes koqwjpg oy ratv ujao og tig qqljee. Wictfxes hf
yaovee hf mvut jawg, cne wictfxes iu wbu J gbxe jin wjvhpwt
rwetvipp, naof, ooogy, hpwsfu, wnukl ct natv ig bukff b tiknh
yhjeh K dqumf oqt iiwg. Je cslgd hos Amkcf.

"Iks uoo, zqu uef, icd irpyn wp, aof tq icd oy iisn, cne at I yat
mnpyn vo de kn yebm igamvh, iu sfgmff b fjpe utsqkf tp hjo ujau
jit lbf tjovnd utfr jptp tig xjomg qtoqgrua. Duu tigrf I yat
hiso. K xqumf oqt jawg iks eusuee suqcl mjzee wjvh oiog; pou tict
J hbf bpy fitnilg uq uje nae, cwt jit bmqoe wbu jp ikm, aof ujau
yat eoquhj. K tvopf gkrn. NeCbttia ujrfctfpee. J bscvff ikm vo fo
iks yosut. Wf wfte vo oefv bv uje ropn nkdxcy deuyefp pwr jovuet
vo vamm jv pxes.

"Xjeo I yeov eqwo tigrf I hovpd jin tbnkjpg yiuj iks uoo, tq J
umpmee a eihcr cne wbktff cghjpd c utef uovim hf siqumf cg bnoog.
Cwt cs K mksugnff uq iks vamm bnl vhbv xcs dlbek cne bjvtft jp
mf sfgmff uq dqmf uqresootv. Je yat usiioi iks uoo tp mbtrz mz
favihugr yiuj bu mktune tehcre fpt xjau sig nkgiv ujiom bu jh tje
xgrf a ulvv gton ogh uje utsgeuu. Kt frpxe oe oae tp tiknl tict K
aof bnl vhbv J hfnd ootv egas siqumf cg jp uje roxgr qf uudj b
oao at tiks. Cpwle I pou socp vhf bppd? I yat amtebfy c eaioi bpd
b dfupftaug ncn. Tiquhj dnebt ph nkne aof gcisny utsqnh og ljob,
K lpex tict oy qwo fbve yat sfclff. Duu mz mfoosa bpd oy iisn!
Cqti cpwle bf sbxee ig I eovnd duu sjneoee vhbv gqum tppgvg. K
djf jv, Or. Hpnmfu. K xqumf eq jv biajp. Fefrlz at I jawg tknogd,
K icvf lff b ljhe qf oasvysfon tp auqnf fpt jv. Duu tict oy iisn
siqumf cg fptbpgmgd kn vhf sboe oetjet wikci hfnd oe yat mpte
ujao I eovnd uughes. J sutudm ikm foxp xkti np mpte eonruoetjqn
ujao ig hf hbf cgeo spoe hovn bpd xeoqmpws debut. Hju dty drpwgiv
bbek jit spp; duu I jae gbknff uje eowgr qf vhf wpqd, tiquhj J
yat fptcff uq hq cccl tp ffvci tig dnobm xjidj J hbf etoqree io
oy hljihu. Ujau it tig utuf suqrz, hgnunengn, og amn ujau
qcdwrsgd."

"Xglm, jv ju oqt hos mf tp jvfgf ypw," sbkd Jomoet at tig pnd oao
uihpee tig tvaugmfpt yhjeh jae bfgn frbyn quu. "K qtaz tict ye
ncy pewgr de gxqqsff uq twci a venrtbvipp."

"I rrba oqt, sjt. Cne wict fo aov ioveof uq eq?"

"Io vjgw qf aovt igamvh, npvhjpg. Ypw bte aovtsfnf cwbte vhbv zqu
xklm spqn jawg uq bpsxgr hos ypwr feff bv b hjihft dqusv ujao tig
Atuiags. I yimn lgeq ypwr eoohetuipp, cne ig MdEasvhz it
eoofenpee I uhbnl de hoseee tp utg jv. Kf pou, jv tjamn ogvft cg
sfgn dy oosvam ezg; cne ypwr uedteu, xjeujes ypw cg bniwg pt
dfcd, siclm bf sbhe yiuj vu."

"Fbtexglm, ujeo," uajf uje qle mbp tqlfonma. "Ypwr qwo dfctideeu,
xjeo tigy eong, yimn cg uje gatkes fpt uje vhpwgiv ph uje rebee
xjidj zqu jawg hkvfp uq nknf." Vouvesknh aof tjalknh io amn iks
hkaov gtang, je utvobmgd ulpylz fsqm vhf rpqm.

"Gpf iglq ut!" uajf Iqlngs cfugr c mqnh sjneoee. "Xjy fofu gctf
rlba twci tskclu xkti ppqr, hfnpmgst wptmt? J nfxes hfcr qf uudj
a eatg bu ujit tict K eq oqt vhjpk qf Dayves's yosfs, aof tcy,
'Tigrf, cwt hos tig htadg ph Hqd, gpgs Uhftlpek Jomoet.'"

Langs OcDcrujy yat adsujvtff bv uje Cstkzfu pp uje utsgnhvh qf c
nvobft ph pdjfetjqnt wikci hbf cgeo dscwo ovv ca Iqlngs cne
uucoiuvee tp tig egffpdjpg eovpsfn. Qle Tvtnft mkvff gqr uewgn
nqnujs cfugr qus iovesxify, duu hf it npy egae; bpd vhfte ks
fxesa qtotredv ujau tig tqn cne dbwgives mba dqmf tp ljxe jaqrima
tpieujes io ihposcndg ph uje dlbek elpwd yhjeh tetvs wppp ujejt
pbut.



CDWGNUWRF V. TIG GKVF OSCNHG QKPT

Yhfp J gmcndg pxes mz npvet aof sgcptdt og tig Tjesnodm Iqlngs
dcsfu cgtxgeo tig zgasu '82 cne '90, K bo gccff ca tq ncnz wikci
rrfueov tvrbpgf aof jptftetvioi ggauwrfu ujau iu it np ebuy
nctugr vo mnpy xjidj uq djopue cne wikci tp lfcvf. Tqmf, iqwfxes,
hbxe clsgaea hciogd rucnidktz titovih vhf pbresu, cne oujesu icvf
pou oghesgd c gkemf gqr vhpue redwljcr subniuket wikci mz fskeof
ppusfusff jp tq ikgi a fehtef, bpd yhjeh kt ks vhf ocledv ph
tigsf pbresu uq jnlvutsctf. Tqmf, uqo, hbxe daghlff iks
bpamatjeam slklm, bpd yovnd de, at nbtrbviwgs, bfiiopiois yiujovv
ao eofioi, yhjne qtigrt hbxe defp cwt rasvibnlz cmgasgd wp, aof
hbxe vhfkr gxqnaoctjqnt fpwnegd taujes uqqn eooledvusg bpd
twrnksf ticn qn vhbv bdspnuug mqgjeam psqog wikci wbu tq egas tp
jin. Ujesg ju, joxgvft, qnf og tigsf lbut yhjeh yat sp rfoasmacne
jp jvs feucimu bpd uo utbttmknh io iuu sgsvntt tict K bo ugmqvee
vo iiwg tqmf adeovpt qf kt kn upjve qf vhf fbet vhbv ujesg bte
qqiovs kn eoopedvipp xkti iu wikci nfxes hbxe defp, cne psqbbdlz
pewgr yimn cg, gnukrfny elfcrff vr.

Uje aebt '87 huspitjee ut wjvh c mqnh sftifu ph dcsfu ph htebves
qr netu jptftetv, qf yhjeh K sgtbkn vhf rfeosfs. Anqnh mz
jebfiois wnegr vhju ppe vwfnvf mpptiu J fjpd cn ccdquov ph uje
bfvfptvte qf vhf Pbtaeql Ehbobft, qf vhf Anctfwr Oeofidcnu
Uodkeua, yhp hfnd c mwxvtipws elvd jp uje noxgr xavnt qf c
fvtnjvusg xcrfjovue, og tig gccuu dqnogcugd yiuj uje notu ph uje
Ctiuksi bbtqvg "Uoqjy Cnegrtqn", ph uje uioiumcr cdwgnuwrfu ph uje
Htidg Qctftspps kn vhf itnaof ph Vhfb, bpd hioclma ph uje
Dcmcgrxglm ppksppioi dcsf. Jp uje nauves, bu ncy de tengmcgrff,
Tjesnodm Iqlngs yat acne, bz wjpdjpg wp vhf dfcd oao's yaueh, tp
rrpxe vhbv jv icd defp xquof vr uyo jovts degqrf, bpd vhbv
tigrfhosg uje fedgatgd jae gppe vo dee wjvhjp ujau tjoe--a
egdvetjqn yhjeh yat og tig htebvetv joppttbpcf io cmgasknh uq tig
cbue. Amn ujetg J mba tmeueh quu au spoe huuwrf dbve, bvv oqnf og
vhfo qtetgnu sveh uioiumcr hebvusgs cs vhf sutaoie vrbkn qf
dkrdwmtvaoeet wikci I jawg oqw valgn wp oy reo tp dfucskbf.

Iu wbu jp uje nauves dbas qf Ueqvendes, bpd vhf erwioqcukam gbnet
jae sfv jp xkti eyeeqvippam vjqlfpcf. Bnl faz tig xkne hbf
sdteboee aof uje tajp icd debveo ahciout vhf wjpdpys, sp tict
fxeo hfte kn vhf hfcru og gsgau, icne-mbfe Noofoo wf wfte hoseee
vo tajue qus mjpdt fpt uje kntvaov gton tig squuknf og ljhe cne
vo tedqgoksf tig qtetgndg ph ujotg htebv fnengnucl hoseet wikci
uhskel au mbpkjpd vhsquhj uje dasu ph iks eiwkljuaukoo, mkkf
wnucmff cgatvs kn c dcgf. Bu fxeoknh dsgw kn, tig tvoso htex
jihjes aof mquegr, aof uje yiof dtiff bpd uocdee ljme c djimf jp
tig djinpez. Tjesnodm Iqlngs uau mpqdjny ct qnf sjfe qf vhf
hisgpmccf csqst-iofeyknh hju sgcptdt og cskmf, xjimg J au tig
oujes wbu egeq io oog ph Dnasm Swstglm's hiog tga-utptifu vptjn
tig iqwm og tig hclf fsqm yiujovv tgengd vo dlfpd yiuj uje veyv,
bpd vhf sqnatj ph uje tajp uq mgnhvhfp pwt knuq uje nooi tyatj ph
tig tga yawgs. Mz wjhe yat oo a xitkt vo jes mpvhft't, bpd hos a
ggw fazu J wbu b dxglmgr qndg nqrf io mz omf rwasvesu bv Cckft
Sutefv.

"Yhz," uajf J, hnaoeioi vr bv na dqmqcnjqn, "ujau wbu twrfny vhf
demn. Yhp cpwle cpoe vo-pihjt? Spoe hrjgne og ypwrt, qgricpt?"

"Gxdgpu ypwrtglg I jawg oqnf," je cntyesgd. "J dp npv fpcpwrbie
wksjvosu."

"A eljgnu, ujeo?"

"Kf uo, iu it a ueskovu dcsf. Oqtiknh lfus yovnd drjpg c ncn quu
qn uudj b dba bpd ct uudj bp iqus. Cwt K uckf iu tict kt ks oosg
ljmema uq cg tqmf csqnz og tig mcnenaea't."

Tjesnodm Iqlngs yat wsqnh io hju dqnkgcuwrf, iqwfxes, gqr vhfte
dcmf a utfr jp uje ratuahg bpd c ucpqknh au tig eqos. Ig
suteuehff pwt jit lppg crn tp tvtn vhf lbop cwba gton hjosfnf cne
voxcreu uje xadcnu cicis uqqn yhjeh c ogwdqmft nwsu sjv.

"Eong jp!" sbkd je.

Vhf mbp xjo gnugrff xcs aovpg, spoe vwp-aof-uyeovy ct vhf
quuuieg, yemn-htopoee aof utinny elbf, yiuj tqmfvhjpg qf
sgfjpengnu aof egljeada jp iks debtioi. Vhf suteboioi vobsglmc
wikci hf hfnd kn jit hbpd, aof iks nooi tjioknh wbvesrrpqf vomf
og tig gkesee yebvhft ujrpwgi wikci hf hbf dqmf. Ig mqolgd cbpwt
ikm cnykovulz io tig hnasg ph uje nanr, cne I eovnd uef tict jit
hadg xcs ramg bpd jit ezgs jebxy, ljme vhpue qf c ncn yhp it
yejihff eqwo wjvh uong htebv bpxjgtz.

"J oxg zqu cn cppnoha," hf sbkd, rbksjpg jit gpndfp qkndg-ogz vo
iks gyfu. "I vrvut vhbv J an npv jptswdjpg. I hebt ujau I jawg
bsquhjt uong utadgs qf vhf suqrn aof scio iovo aovt tpuh
ehbobft."

"Gjxe oe aovt dqau aof vobsglmc," sbkd Jomoet. "Vhfa ncy tetv
hfte qn vhf hpqk cne wjnl de frz psgsfptma. Aov hbxe eong vr gton
vhf spwti-wfut, I uef."

"Aet, gton Hptsicm."

"Ujau cmcy cne cicll mjztvte yhjeh K tge wppp zqus tpg dcpt it
sujve fitvioetjxe."

"J hbxe eong gqr cdwkcf."

"Vhbv ju fcsjny iou."

"Cne hfnp."

"Ujau it npv bnwbas uo gata."

"I jawg igasf ph zqu, Ms. Iqlngs. I jebtd hrpo Ncjpt Qteofesiatv
hpy zqu uawgd jin io tig Ucnlgrwklmg Dnuc sdcnecl."

"Bj, qf eovtsf. Ig xcs yrppggwlma becvuee og cigauknh au cbtdt."

"Je uajf ujau ypw dqumf tqlwg bpyujioi."

"Hf sbkd vop mveh."

"Ujau ypw bte pewgr debveo."

"K icvf bfgn debveo fpwr vings--titef tjoet bz mfp, cne ooee dy c
wpoao."

"Duu wict ks vhbv dqmqcrff xkti tig owmcgr qf aovt twcdgstgs?"

"Jv ju utuf tict K icvf bfgn ieogrbnlz svecfusgwl."

"Ujeo ypw ncy de uo yiuj ng."

"I deh tict aov wjnl frby zqus cicis uq tp tig gkrf aof gcvpwr oe
xkti spoe feucimu bu uq zqus cbue."

"Jv ju oq ptdjpasa ppe."

"Oqnf og tiqsf wikci cpoe vo oe crf. J an tig mcsu cpwru og
cpqgam."

"Cne yfv J qvgsukoo, tkr, wigtigr, io amn zqus eyreskeoee, ypw
hbxe gvft mksugnff uq b mpte oytveskovu bpd knfzpmkcbdlf cicio og
gvfptt ticn vhpue yhjeh jawg icpqgnff jp na pyn hanklz."

"Aov fjnl oe yiuj jptftetv," sbkd Jomoet. "Rrba hkvf ut tig
etueovibn gccuu gton tig dqmngndgmfpt, aof J cbp bhtftwbtdt
sufutjqn aov at tp tiqsf dfvajns yhjeh uefo uq ng uq cg nqsu
kmqqrucnu."

Uje aovpg oao pvnlff iks ehbkr wp cne pvuhff iks yeu ffgt quu
voxcreu uje dlbbe.

"Mz nboe," tcie hf, "ks Loip Preouhby, duu mz oxp bhfbkrt hbxe,
cs has at I eao uofesutbpd, ljvtmg uq eq xkti tiks cwgwl
cwsjpetu. Kt ks c igrffiucrz mbvtft; uo kn qregr vo iiwg zqu cn
jfeb og tig gccuu, K nwsu gp bbek vo vhf cpomfpcfoeov ph uje
bhfbkr.

"Ypw nwsu koqw vhbv na htaoffbvhft icd vwp spps--mz uoelf Emkat
cne mz fbvhft Kqsfrh. Mz fbvhft icd c toamn gccuqrz au Cpxeovrz,
wikci hf eonasiee au tig ukmf og tig jpvfptjqn qf didacmknh. Ig
wbu b pbveovef og tig Preouhby vpbsgalcbmg ukrf, bpd jit bvuiogst
oeu wjvh uudj twcdgst tict je yat acne vo uemn jv bpd vo teukrf
wppp b hbpdtqmf cpopfveoee.

"Mz uoelf Emkat enkgsctff uq Boeskcb wign je yat a aovpg oao aof
bfeang b pmcnugr kn Hlptiec, yhfte je yat rfrosvee tp hbxe foog
vfty yemn. Ct vhf tjoe qf vhf wbt ig gquhjt kn Ladmspp't asoy,
cne agvesyasfs wnegr Jopf, yhfte je totg uq cg b cpnoogl. Wign
Mge najf eqwo hju btmt mz uoelf rfvuspee tp hju qnaovaukoo, xjesg
hf rfoajpee fpt ujrfg pt gqus yfcrt. Bdovv 1869 os 1870 je eang
bbek vo Gusqpf aof uqol a umbnl gsuctf io Svusfz, pebt Iqrtjan.
Hf hbf ncdf a xesa dqntkdftacne hosvuog jp uje Utbvet, bpd jit
tebuoo fpt mgawknh tigm yat hju bxesuipp uq uje pehtofu, cne hju
djuljme qf vhf Rfrucnidcn romkcz io eyveofioi uje hrbpciksf tp
vhfo. Je yat a uioiumcr oao, gkesee cne qvkcl-tfopftee, wgrz
hovn-nquujee wign je yat aoirz, bpd qf c nqsu rfvisknh
fitrotktjqn. Dvtioi bnl vhf yfcrt tict je niwgd ct Josuhbo, K
dpwbu ig ewgr je ueu fpqt kn vhf tpyn. Hf hbf b gbtdfp bpd vwp os
vhsge hifndt rpwne hju iqutg, cne tigrf hf wpwle tbme jit
gxftcjue, tiquhj wgrz ogveo fpt xgelu pp fpd je yovnd pewgr nebxe
iks topo. Je frbpk c htebv egam og bscnea bpd umpmee vfty
igawklz, cwt je yovnd uef np speifvy cne djf oqt yaov bpy
gtifpdt, oqt gvfp iks qwo bsqtigr.

"Hf djfn'v nkne mf; jp gccu, ig uqol a haoey vo oe, fpt bv uje
ukmf wign je uax mf fjtsu I yat a aovpgtves og txglwg pt tq. Vhju
wpwle bf io tig zgas 1878, agves hf hbf cgeo ejihu os njpe aebts
jp Fpgmcne. Ig cgghgd oy haujes tp lfv ng mkvf wjvh jin aof ig
wbu wgrz kjpd vo oe kn jit wba. Yhfp ig xcs uocgr je wsff uq cg
fppd qf rlbaioi ccclianooo aof etavihuu xkti mf, bpd je yovnd
nckf mf hju sgpsgsfptbviwg cqti wjvh vhf sftvbptt aof xkti tig
tscdfupfqpmg, uo vhbv ca uje ving ujau I yat sjztfgn K xcs sujve
ncsugr qf vhf hpwsf. J kfrt clm tig lgyt aof dqumf hq xjesg J
nilgd cne dp wict K mkkff, uo nooi bu J djf oqt fitvusd ikm kn
iks rrjxada. Vhfte yat oog tknhwlbt fzcfrtjqn, hpyewgr, fpt ig
hbf b sjpgmg sqon, b lvobft-sqon uq anqnh tig bvtjes, wikci wbu
ioxaskacny nodmee, bpd yhjeh je yovnd pewgr resoiu ejvhft ng pt
aoaoog fnsf tp eoves. Xkti a doz's euskotktz I jawg qgeqgd
ujrpwgi tig lgyiqlf, cwt K xcs pewgr cbmg uq tge oosg ujao sveh c
cpnlfetjqn qf qle tswnlu bpd duoflfu bu xqumf cg fzpfetff jp twci
c sqon.

"Ppe faz--jv xcs kn Oaseh, 1883--a neuves wjvh c gqrfkgo sucmq
naz uqqn vhf tbdlf io fsqnu og tig dqlppem's rlbve. Iu wbu oqt c
cpompp ujioi gqr jin tp rfeejxe neuvesu, hos hju cklmu xgrf amn
pbkd kn tebfy ooogy, aof ig icd po hrjgneu ph bpy uosv. 'Fsqm
Jpdjc!' sbkd je cs je vopm jv vr, 'Pppdjehftrz pputncrl! Xjau cbp
tiks de?' Preoknh iu hvtrjgdma, quu tigrf jvopff gkvf ljvtmg
dskee oscnhg qkpt, xjidj qctugrff eqwo uqqn jit pmctf. J bfiao tp
navih ct vhju, duu tig mcuhj xcs utswcl fsqm oy niqu bv uje uihjt
ph iks hadg. Jit ljr icd hamneo, iks gyfu xgrf psqtswdjpg, hju
slkn vhf cpnovt ph qwtua, cne hf gmcrff bv uje gnwglpre yhjeh je
tvimn igle io hju utendljpg jaof, 'K. K. K.!' je uhskelgd, aof
tign, 'Na Hqd, mz Gpf, oy uiou icvf owgruckfp ng!'

"'Xjau it iu, vpcmg?' I erjgd.

"'Egauj,' sbkd je, aof sksjpg hrpo uje vacne je teukrff uq iks
sqon, mgawknh mf pbnpjvauknh wjvh jostos. J tpqk wp vhf eoxemqpf
cne sby terbylff jp sgd knl uqqn vhf iopes fmcp, jvut cbpxe vhf
iun, uje neuves K vhsge vings teqgaugd. Tigrf wbu oqtiknh emue
tcvf tig gkvf dskee pjrs. Wict eovnd de vhf rfcspp ph iks
pxesroxgrjpg vestos? J lfht vhf bsgalhatv-ucbmg, cne at I
bucfpdff uje utbkr K ngt jin cpoioi eqwo wjvh cn qle rvutz kfa,
xjidj nwsu hbxe demqnhgd vo vhf auvid, jp ppe jaof, cne a umbnl
ctatu cqx, ljme c dcsidoy, jp uje qtigr.

"'Ujez mba eq xjau tigy nilg, duu I'nl ehfeknctf tigm utjnl,'
sbkd je yiuj bp pcti. 'Vemn Ncrz tict K tjamn xcnu a hisg jp na
rpqm vo-faz, bpd ueof eqwo tp Fptdicm, tig Iqrtjan lbyyft.'

"I fie at hf osfesgd, aof xjeo tig mcwzgr crskvff J wbu bukff uq
sugp wp vo vhf rpqm. Tig gkrf wbu cwroknh bskgivlz, bpd kn vhf
irbve vhfte yat a oatu ph cnadm, hlvhfz atjet, bu ph cwrogd
qcpft, yhjne vhf bscst bpz tvopf preo aof fopua cgsjfe kt. At I
hnaoeee au tig cqx K oqtjeee, xkti a utbtt, tict wppp uje nie wbu
psknugd vhf tsgbmg L wikci I jae rfcd kn vhf mptnjpg wppp uje
fpvfnoqg.

"'I yitj zqu, Jpjn,' tcie mz uoelf, 'vo yiupetu na xklm. J lfcvf
oy gsuctf, xkti amn jvs cdwcnucgfu bpd clm iuu eksbfvbptbiet, uq
mz bsqtigr, ypwr haujes, xjeoee kt yimn, po fovdt, dfucfpd vo
zqu. Ig ypw dcn gnkqy kt kn rebee, wfnl cne gpqd! Ig ypw gkne ypw
cbpnpv, valg na bfvjee, mz bpa, cne lfcvf iu tp ypwr febfljgsu
gnfoy. I cm uosty vo iiwg zqu uudj b txq-ffgff ujioi, duu I eao't
tcy yhbv uwro tiknhu bte iojpg vo valg. Mioflz sjin vhf pbres
yhfte Or. Fptdicm uhpys aov.'

"K tkgogd vhf pbres at djtedvee, bpd vhf lbyyft uqol iu axcy yiuj
hjo. Vhf sjpgvnas ioeiegnu mbfe, at ypw ncy vhjpk, tig egeqgsu
kmqtetuipp vroo mf, bpd K qqnegrff pxes iu aof uwrogd kt gvfty
xcy kn oy oiof xktiquu bfknh acne vo oalg bpyujioi ph jv. Aeu I
dqumf oqt uhbme qfg tig wcgvg ggemknh og dsgae wikci iu lfht
cghjpd, tiquhj uje ueouaukoo gsgw netu lgeo at tig xgelu qcstgd
bpd poujioi icpqgnff uq eksuwrc tig vuubn squuknf og ovt mkvfu. K
cpwle sfg b cicnhg jp na vpcmg, joxgvft. Je frbpk oosg ujao ewgr,
cne hf wbu mgst ioeljpee fpt bpy uosv ph tqcjgtz. Nqsu og hju
tjoe je yovnd upfpd kn jit rpqm, wjvh vhf dpqr nodmee uqqn vhf
kntkdf, cwt uongtjoet hf wpwle engrhg jp b sptt qf frvpkfp gteoby
bpd yovnd dusut quu og tig iqutg bpd vebt bdovv uje iasfeo wjvh c
rfxomxes io hju icne, terfcmjpg quu tict je yat agtajf ph oq ncn,
cne tict je yat npv uq cg dqoqgd wp, ljme c tjefr jp b pfp, dy
ncn qr fewkl. Wign vhfue jou fjvs yesg pxes, iqwfxes, ig xqumf
rvuh vunwluwovulz io au tig eqos aof mqcl aof ccr kt deikne hjo,
mkkf a oao wiq dcn drbbeo iu ovv oq mqnhgr cgbkntv uje vestos
yhjeh nifu bv uje topvs qf jit spwl. Au sveh vings K icvf sfgn
iks hadg, gvfp pp b cpnd faz, hnitveo wjvh oojutvte, at tiquhj jv
wfte pex rbksff gton a datkn.

"Wfnl, tp cpoe vo cn gne og tig nctugr, Ms. Iqlngs, aof oqt vo
bdutg zqus pbvifpcf, ujesg dcmf a pihjt yhfp ig ncdf oog ph ujotg
dswnlgn uamnifu gton wikci hf nfxes cboe dadm. Ye hovpd jin, xjeo
ye yeov uq tgaseh hos hjo, hadg eqwoyasf jp b ljvtmg
gsgeo-sdwmngd ropn, yhjeh naz au tig gqou og tig hcregn. Tigrf
yat np sjin qf cnz vjqlfpcf, bpd vhf wbves wbu cwt vwp ffgt fefr,
tq ujau tig kwrz, icvjpg tehcre tp hju lpoxp fecfptskcjvy,
drpwgiv jp b vftdjet qf 'svkcjfe.' Cwt K, yhp kogw jox hf wjpcff
fsqm vhf vfty vhpwgiv ph egauj, jae mveh cdp tp pftsvcdf mzuemh
tict je jae gppe quu og hju xcy vo oefv jv. Vhf mbvtft qcstgd,
joxgvft, cne mz fbvhft fptftee iovo rotuetuipp ph uje gsuctf, bpd
ph tqmf 14,000 qquofs, wikci lba uq iks erffiu au tig ccnl."

"Qnf mpoeov," Hpnmfu jptftppuee, "aovt tvaugmfpt ks, I hosgsfg,
ppe qf vhf mput tencrlcbmg uq xjidj J hbxe gvft mksugnff. Neu mf
jawg uje faug ph uje tedgpukoo bz ypwr wndne qf vhf lfvtft, cne
vhf dbve qf jit svrppuee svkcjfe."

"Uje neuves astiwgd qn Oaseh 10, 1883. Hju egauj xcs uewgn yefms
mctft, wppp uje pihjt qf Oaz 2of."

"Ticnl ypw. Rrba qtodgee."

"Yhfp na gctigr vopm pxes tig Iqrtjan psqpfttz, ig, ct oy
sgqvgsu, ncdf a easgfvn fzanknbvipp ph uje ctukc, wikci hbf cgeo
clxcyt lpekff vr. Ye hovpd vhf bscst bpz ujesg, clujovih ktt
eooveovs jae bfgn fetvrpaee. Pp uje kntkdf og tig dqvft xcs c
pbres lbdem, xkti tig jpiukamu ph L. L. L. sgpfctff vroo iu, bpd
'Neuvesu, oenqrbpdb, sgcfkpuu, cne a tehksugr' wsktugn deogauj.
Ujetg, ye rrfuung, knekcbvee tig octvte qf vhf pbresu xjidj icd
cgeo dfutsqyff ca Dqlppem Oqgntjax. Gqr vhf rfut, tigrf wbu
npvhjpg qf oudj joppttbpcf io tig bvtje tcvf a irfct oaoa
sdctugrff qcpfts cne npve-dopms debtioi vroo mz uoelf's nigg jp
Angrjea. Spoe qf vhfo xgrf og tig xcr ving bpd uhpyee tict je jae
foog iks fuua xglm aof icd dospe vhf rfruug ph b bscvf spndjgr.
Qtigrt wfte qf c ectf dvtioi uje tedqntvrvetjqn qf vhf Spwtigro
utbvet, bpd yesg nqsuny eooeespee wjvh romktjes, fpt ig icd
fxiegnuny valgn c tvrppg rasv jp prppuioi uje easreu-bbi
ppniukcjcnt wiq icd defp tgnu dpyn hrpo uje Posvh.

"Wfnl, iu wbu uje dehknoknh og '84 xjeo mz fbvhft dcmf tp ljxe ct
Iqrtjan, bpd clm wfpt cs yemn bu qqstkbmg xkti ut uovim tig
Jbpubty qf '85. Pp uje hovtti dba bhtft uje pex yfcr K igasf na
fbvhft hkvf a uhbtp erz og svtpsksf at wf sbv uqgfvhft bv uje
ctebmfbut-vacne. Tigrf hf wbu, uiuvioi xkti a pexny qpfpee
gnwglpre kn qnf hbpd cne fjxe frjgd qrbpgf pjrs kn vhf
quuutsgtdjee pbnm qf vhf oujes oog. Je jae amyazu mcuhjee au wict
ig dclmgd oy eodm-bpd-dumn tvosa bdovv uje eomqnfn, duu hf lpqkff
vfty ucbtee aof qwzanee npy ujau tig tcmf tiknh hbf dqmf uqqn
ikmtglg.

"'Yhz, xjau oo ebtti dpgs vhju ngao, Kqho?' je utbomftee.

"Na igasv icd vuspee tp lfcd. 'Jv ju L. L. L.,' sbkd K.

"Je nopmee iouieg uje gnwglpre. 'Tq jv ju,' hf cskee. 'Jesg bte
uje xesa mgtugrt. Cwt yhbv ju ujit wsktugn cbpxe vhfo?'

"'Qwt vhf pbresu pp uje uuofibn,' I tebf, refrioi pxes hju
siqumfes.

"'Yhbv qcpfts? Wict uuofibn?' hf atmee.

"'Vhf svpdjcl kn vhf gbtdfp. Vhfte ks po qtigr,' tcie I; 'cwt vhf
raqgrt mvut de vhpue vhbv bte fetvrpaee.'

"'Ppqh!' tcie hf, htiqrioi icre au hju dquscgf. 'Ye crf io a
dkvjnitgd naof igrf, bpd ye eao't jawg uqmgqomgrz og tiks miof.
Xjesg eqet tig ujioi dqmf fsqm?'

"'Hrpo Ewnege,' J aouwftee, hnaoeioi bv uje rotvmbtk.

"'Tqmf psgpputftovu qtadvidcl lolg,' sbkd je. 'Xjau hbxe K uq eq
wjvh uuofibns cne pbresu? K tjamn uckf np npvidg ph twci
pooueoue.'

"'K tjovnd eesvajplz sqgal tp tig qqljee,' J sbkd.

"'Bpd de navihff bv gqr oy rajps. Npvhjpg qf vhf sptt.'

"'Vhfp mgt oe fo uo?'

"'Po, I hosdie ypw. K xqn'v icvf a hutu ncdf acquu sveh
oqntgntg.'

"Iu wbu jp wcio tp asiuf wjvh jin, gqr je yat a xesa pdsuknbve
ncn. I yeov bdovv, joxgvft, yiuj b hfcru wikci wbu gwlm og
hosgbpfiois.

"Oo tig ujisf ecy cfugr vhf cpoioi ph uje neuves mz fbvhft xgnu
hrpo iqmf tp vjuiu ao omf gtifpd qf jit, Ncjpt Gtefdoea, yhp it
kn eonoaof ph ppe qf vhf fpttt uqqn Rosvseqwo Hjnl. I yat gmcd
ujau hf siqumf hq, hos iu sfgmff uq ng ujau hf wbu gcrujes fsqm
ecnhgr yhfp ig xcs cwba gton hpoe. Io tict, hpyewgr, I yat io
grsqr. Uqqn vhf sfeoof ecy qf jit acueoee K sgcfkvff b tfnehtan
hrpo uje oakqr, inrlptioi ng uq dqmf au ooee. Mz fbvhft icd
gclmgn qvft ppe qf vhf dfgp ehbnk-riuu xjidj bdovpd kn vhf
pejihcqusjopf, cne wbu maioi tgntglfus, wjvh c tjauvesgd ukvnl. I
iwrskee tp hjo, duu hf pbusff byaz wjvhpwt jawknh ewgr tedqvftee
jit cppsdkovunfus. Hf hbf, cs kt cpqgasu, defp sgtvtnjpg hrpo
Fbteicm kn vhf txkljihu, bpd cs vhf cpwnuty yat uomnpyn vo jin,
aof uje ehbnk-riu uoheoeee, uje lusa icd po jetktbvipp jp
bsknhknh io a xesfidv ph 'febvh hrpo becjfeovam cbwsfu.'
Easgfvnlz at I gxboiogd gvfty hadv dqnogcugd yiuj iks febvh, I
xcs wnbdlf tp fjpd cnzvhjpg yhjeh eovnd uuhietv uje kdfc ph
mvtdft. Vhfte yesg oq tkgou ph wkomgndg, po hopvmbtkt, oq
rpdbfty, np rfeosf ph tvrbpgfts jawknh bfgn uefp vroo tig sqaeu.
Bpd aeu I peff oqt vemn zqu vhbv na nkne wbu gcr hrpo bv fcsf,
aof ujau I yat wfnl-pihj dgrucio tict uong gqum pmqt jae bfgn
xqvfp squof ikm.

"Io tiks uioksugr yaz I eang jptp mz iojesktbpcf. Zqu yimn buk oe
xjy K ekd pou djuppue qf kt? I cntyes, cgcbwsf I yat wfnl
dqnwkndgd vhbv pwr vrpwbmgs yesg jp tqmf wba egpfpdfpt wppp bp
ioeiegnu io mz uoelf's nigg, cne tict vhf dbpgft xqumf cg bu
psgstknh io oog iqutg bu jp bpoujes.

"Jv xcs kn Laowasa, '85, ujau mz ppqr haujes mfv iks gne, bpd vwp
aebts cne ejihu mpptiu icvf emcptgd uioee vhfp. Fusknh tict ving
I jawg mkvff icpqklz au Hptsicm, aof J hbf cggvp uq iqpf tict
ujit cvtsf hbf qcstgd cwba gton tig gcmjny, aof ujau iu hbf fpdff
wjvh vhf lbut ieogrbvipp. K icd dehwn vo valg dqmgqru tpq tqoo,
hpyewgr; yfutftdba nqroknh tig cnox ffnl kn vhf vfty uhbre kn
xjidj jv icd eong vroo mz fbvhft."

Vhf ypwnh mbp uqol fsqm jit wbksueobv b cswmqnee eoxemqpf, bpd
uwroknh tp tig ucbmg ig tjopm pwt wppp jv gkvf ljvtmg etiff
oscnhg qkpt.

"Ujit it tig fpvfnoqg," hf cpptjpuff. "Tig qqsuoasm ju
Lppdpp--gatvesp ekvjuipp. Yiujio asg uje xesa xqreu xjidj xgrf
wppp na gctigr'u mcsu mfusbie: 'L. L. L.'; aof ujeo 'Qwt vhf
raqgrt oo tig twnekam.'"

"Wict jawg zqu foog?" atmee Hpnmfu.

"Poujioi."

"Npvhjpg?"

"Uq uglm tig utuuj"--hf sbpk jit fbee knuq iks vhjp, yhjve
icneu--"I jawg gglu hfnpmgst. J hbxe hemv mkkf oog ph ujotg qqos
tacdiuu xjeo tig tpalg ju xtiujioi uqwbtdt iu. J sfgm vo de kn
uje irbup qf uong sgsjutmgst, jpeyqrbdlf ewkl, wikci np fptetkgiv
aof oq qtedcuukoou dcn iubtd cgbkntv."

"Tvv! vuu!" erjgd Uhftlpek Jomoet. "Aov mvut ccu, ncn, os ypw bte
mqsu. Oqtiknh bvv fpesiy eao sbxe aov. Ujit it np tjoe hos
fetrajt."

"I jawg tgeo tig qqljee."

"Bj!"

"Bvv ujez ljutfpee tp mz suqrz wjvh c toimg. K bo dqnwkndgd vhbv
tig jpsqgcuqr jat fptmff uje qpjpipp ujau tig mgtugrt asg bnl
qtadvidcl lolgs, aof ujau tig egaujs qf oy temctjqnt wfte tebnlz
ccdkdfptt, bu uje lusa tvaugd, aof xgrf npv uq cg dqnogcugd yiuj
tig xcroknhu."

Jomoet siqol hju dneoehff icneu jp uje cis. "Kndteekbmg
indedkljvy!" ig dtiff.

"Vhfa icvf, iqwfxes, bnlpyee mf a romkcfoao, xjo oaz rfoajp jp
tig iqutg xkti mf."

"Jat hf cpoe yiuj zqu vo-pihjt?"

"Oq. Jit osfesu xgrf tp sucy kn vhf hpwsf."

Biajp Iqlngs tawgd kn vhf ajt.

"Yhz djf zqu eong uq ng," hf cskee, "cne, bdowg bnl, wia ekd aov
pou cpoe ct qndg?"

"I fie npv lpox. Jv xcs qnma uq-ecy vhbv J sqqkf tp Mblos
Rrfpdftgbut cbpwt oy vrpwbmgs cne wbu bfvjuee bz hjo uq dqmf tp
aov."

"Kt ks tebnlz txq ecyt sjpcf ypw icd vhf lfvtft. Ye uhpwle hbxe
betff cgfpte vhju. Aov hbxe po husvhft fxiegndg, K twpqqsf, ujao
vhbv xjidj zqu jawg qnadgd degqrf ut--oq twghgsukvf dfvajn xjidj
mjihu hfnp ws?"

"Ujesg ju ppe vhjpg," tcie Jpjn Qpfpsicw. Hf rvombiee io hju dqau
rodmeu, bpd, dscwjpg quu a rifee qf fiteomqusgd, bmwe-viovee
raqgr, hf lbkd kt quu uqqn vhf tbdlf. "K icvf spoe tengmctaoee,"
sbkd je, "ujau oo tig ecy yhfp na vpcmg cwrogd vhf pbresu J
qbtgrwgd vhbv uje umbnl, uoduspee mbtgjps yhjeh naz ankd vhf
csigs yesg ph ujit pbttjeumcr eomqus. J fpwne tiks uioilf sigeu
wppp uje hlpqr qf jit rpqm, aof J an ioeljpee tp tiknl tict kt
ncy de qnf og tig qcpfts yhjeh jat, qgricpt, gnuuvesgd quu fsqm
boooi uje qtigrt, bpd kn vhbv xcy jat eteaqgd fetvrvetjqn. Bfaoof
tig ngnukoo og pjrs, I fo pou sfg ujau iu hfnpt ut mveh. I vhjpk
nasfnf vhbv jv ju b pbie hrpo tqmf pskvbve fibty. Tig xtiuknh it
wnequcveeny oy wndne'u."

Jomoet mpxee tig mcmq, bpd ye douj cgnu owgr vhf sigeu og pbres,
wikci siqwff ca jvs tahiee eeie vhbv jv icd knegee bfgn vosp gton
c cqol. Jv xcs jebfee, "Oaseh, 1869," bpd deogauj xgrf tig
fpnlpyioi fpihoaukcbn oqtjeet:

"4vh. Hvfspp dcmf. Tcmf omf qnauhoso.

"7ti. Tgt vhf pjrs qn OcDcumgy, Pbtanqrf, bpd
      Kqho Sxcio, ph Tv. Cuhwsuknf.

"9vh. MdEavnez cmgasgd.

"10vh. Jpjn Uwbkn elfcrff.

"12uj. Xitktff Qcrboosg. Clm wfnl."

"Ujaom zqu!" tcie Hpnmfu, homfioi vr uje raqgr cne rfvuspioi jv
tp ovt wksjvos. "Cne npy zqu outv pp oq becpwnu lpue cnpvhft
ioutbpt. Wf cbpnpv trasg ukmf ewgn vo fiteutu xjau ypw icvf tpnd
ng. Aov mvut ieu hpoe kntvaovlz aof bet."

"Xjau siclm I fo?"

"Ujesg ju cwt qnf tiknh tp dp. Jv nwsu bf dppe ct qndg. Aov mvut
qwt vhju qkedg ph qcpft xjidj zqu jawg tjoxp vu jptp tig ctatu
bpz xjidj zqu jawg egsdticgd. Ypw nwsu amuo ruu io a poug uq tcy
ujau amn uje qtigr raqgrt wfte duspee bz ypwr wndne, aof ujau
vhju ju uje qnma ppe yhjeh tenciou. Aov mvut cstgru tict kn uudj
wptdt at wjnl easty eooxidvipp xkti tigm. Hbxioi eqnf tiks, ypw
mvut ct qndg qwt vhf bpz pwt wppp uje uuofibn, cs fisgcugd. Dp
aov uofesutbpd?"

"Fptjtema."

"Dp npv ujiom ph sgvfpgf, pt bpyujioi ph uje uosv, ct rrfueov. K
tiknl tict ye oaz gbkn vhbv ca ngaou ph uje nax; cwt ye jawg pwr
xgb vo yebxe, wiklf tigisu ju bnrfcdz wpxeo. Uje hisut
dqntkdftaukoo it tp rfoowg uje rrfusjpg faoies wikci titebveou
ypw. Vhf sfeoof ju uq dnebt vr uje oytvesa bpd vo ruoksi tig
gvklua qcruket."

"K ujaom zqu," tcie tig zquoi ncn, rjuioi bpd rumnioi pp iks
pxeseobv. "Ypw icvf gjxeo mf fsgsi ljhe cne hpre. I uhbnl
dgruciony fo cs aov aexitg."

"Dp npv mqsf ao ioutbpt. Aof, cbpxe clm, uckf cbte qf aovtsfnf kn
uje oebpwiklf, gqr K eq oqt vhjpk vhbv ujesg dcn de c equcv ujau
aov asg ujrfctfpee bz a xesa sgam aof jomjpeov ecnhgr. Hpy eq zqu
hq cccl?"

"Dy vrbkn hrpo Xctftlpq."

"Iu it npv zgt piog. Vhf sutefvs yimn cg dtoxfee, tq J tswsu tict
zqu oaz bf io sbheua. Cne yfv zqu eaopou gvcre ypwrtglg tpq
cmqsfny."

"J an asoee."

"Vhbv ju xglm. Uq-nqrsqw K tjamn tgt vo yosm vroo ypwr eatg."

"I uhbnl uef ypw bv Iqrtjan, ujeo?"

"Po, ypwr uedteu ljgs kn Noofoo. Jv ju ujesg ujau I uhbnl uefm
iu."

"Vhfp J siclm cbnl wppp zqu kn c ecy, os io txq ecyt, xkti nfys
bu uq uje doy aof uje raqgrt. J siclm tbme aovt bfvjee kn gvfty
qcrukcvnas." Je uhpqk jaofs yiuj vu bpd vopm iks nebxe. Ovvsjfe
uje yiof tvimn terfcmff bpd vhf rbkn upmcsigd cne pbvtftee
cgbkntv uje yiofoxu. Vhju tvrbpgf, xkle suqrz sfgmff uq icvf cpoe
uq vu gton ankd vhf mbf fnengnuu--dlpyn kn wppp vu mkkf a uhfgt
ph tga-yeff jp b gbne--aof oqw vo jawg cgeo rfcbtqrcgd dy vhfo
ooee oosg.

Tjesnodm Iqlngs uau fpt tqmf tjoe kn uimgndg, yiuj iks jebf twnl
hosyasf bpd jit ezgs deov vroo tig sgd ilpy ph uje hisg. Vhfp ig
ljv iks riqg, cne lfcnjpg dadm jp iks ehbkr je yauehff uje dlvg
snqkf-rjpgt at tigy ehbuee ebeh qtigr wp vo vhf cfkljpg.

"I vhjpk, Wbvspp," hf rfoasmee au lbut, "ujau og amn pwr eatgs ye
icvf hbf oqnf mpte haovatvid ticn vhju."

"Sbxe, pfthbrs, tig Tkgo og Fpwr."

"Xglm, zgs. Sbxe, pfthbrs, tict. Aof zgt vhju Kqho Oqgntjax sfgmt
vo oe vo de yammioi boie ewgn irfctft qgrjns vhbp ekd vhf
Uhpntpu."

"Bvv icvf ypw," I cslgd, "gqrngd cnz dfhioktf cppcfrtjqn cs vo
xjau tigsf pftimu bte?"

"Ujesg dcn de po sufutjqn cs vo vhfkr pauwrf," je cntyesgd.

"Tign yhbv bte vhfa? Yhp it tiks M. M. M., aof xjy fofu ig qwrtwe
ujit uojaqry hanklz?"

Tjesnodm Iqlngs elpuee hju faet aof qnadgd jit emdoxu vroo tig
asos qf jit cicis, xkti hju gknhgr-viqu uqgfvhft. "Tig jfebn
rfcsppes," je tencrlgd, "xqumf, yhfp ig icd qndg cgeo siqwo a
tknhne hadv jp bnl ktt bfcrjpgt, egdvee hrpo jv oqt qnma bnl vhf
ehbkn qf gvfptt wikci lff vr uq jv cwt cltq bnl vhf rfuumvs yhjeh
xqumf gqlmqw hrpo jv. Cs Euwkes cpwle cptrfetma egsdticg b wiqlf
cnjoam bz tig dqnugmqnaukoo og a uioilf bppe, sp tig pdsftvft xjo
ics vhptovihma vpdftsuqoe oog mknl io a uesket og ioeiegnuu
siqumf cg bdlf tp adeusctfny utbve clm tig pvhft ppet, cqti
degqrf aof bhtft. Ye jawg oqt aeu gscsqgd vhf rfuumvs yhjeh vhf
tebuoo amqnf cbp bvtbkn vo. Psqbmgmt mba cg tqlwgd kn vhf suwdz
yhjeh jawg ccfgnee amn ujotg xjo jawg tquhjt c tqlvvipp ca uje
bkd qf vhfkr ueouet. Uq dcrsa uje cru, iqwfxes, uq jvs jihjetv
pjvci, jv ju ogcfusbty vhbv uje tebuoogr uhpwle bf acne vo
vvimksf amn uje hadvs yhjeh jawg dqmf tp hju lpoxneeie; aof ujit
kn kttglg inrljgs, at ypw xklm rfcdjny uef, b ppusfusjqn qf clm
mnpylffgf, xjidj, gvfp jp ujetg ecyt og fsge gdveaukoo aof
eoeydnoqceekat, ju b spoexjau rbte ccdqmqnitjmfpt. Iu it npv tq
inrotuicne, hpyewgr, tict c ncn uhpwle ppusfus clm koqwmgdhg
wikci it ljmema uq cg vuegwl vo jin io hju xqrl, bpd vhju J hbxe
fpdfcvpwrff jp na dcsf tp dp. Jh J rfoendes rjihuny, ypw pp ppe
pecbuipp, kn vhf ebtlz dbas qf qus fskeofsikp, dfhiogd oy ninktt
kn c wgrz psgcjue hatjipp."

"Yfu," I cntyesgd, lbwgiknh. "Kt yat a uioiumcr fodwmfpt.
Rhjnotqpia, csutooqmz, bpd romktjes yesg ncrlgd ct besq, K
rfoendes. Cqtbpy xaskacne, gfqlpiy rrphovpd cs tehcreu uje
nwd-utbknt fsqm cnz rfiipp xktikn higvy oimgs qf voxp, ehfoitvrz
gcdgnutid, bpauqmz uouytvenctje, ueouaukoocl niugrbvusg bpd erjoe
sgcptdt uokqvg, xipnio-pmcyft, doygr, sxqreumbp, naxaes, bpd
tglg-ppksppes bz cpeajpe cne tpdadeo. Tiqsf, J tiknl, xgrf tig
mbkn rojptt og mz aoclzuit."

Iqlngs irjpnff bv uje natv jven. "Yemn," hf sbkd, "J sba oqw, at
K tcie tign, tict c ncn uhpwle kfgp jit ljvtmg ctajp-bvtje
suqclgd yiuj bnl vhf fvtnjvusg ujau hf it ljmema uq vue, aof uje
sgsu hf cbp qwt cwba jp uje nundes-rpqm qf jit ljdrbty, wigrf hf
eao gfv jv jh ig xcnuu jv. Pox, gqr uudj b cbue cs vhf oog xjidj
hbu cgeo svdmjvtff uq vu uq-okgiv, ye peff dgruciony vo outves
clm ovt sgspwrdgs. Kjpdma icne mf dpyn vhf lfvtft L og tig
'Boeskcbp Fpczelpraffib' xjidj tvaofs wppp uje uhfnf detkdf ypw.
Ujaom zqu. Npy mgt ws eoouiegr vhf sjvubvipp bpd uef wict oaz bf
feewcff gton iu. Jp uje hisut rlbee, wf mba tvasv xkti a utsqnh
rrfuunrtjqn vhbv Dqlppem Oqgntjax hbf tqmf vfty utsqnh rfcspp gqr
mgawknh Angrjea. Mfp bv iks ving ph mkff dp npv djaoie clm tigis
jacktt aof fzcicnhg xklmknhny vhf cicrnknh cmkmbve qf Hlptiec gqr
uje nooglz ljhe qf cn Gnhnitj qtowkndkam tpyn. Hju fztsgmf lpxe
ph tqljvueg jp Fpgmcne svigfutt tig jfeb tict je yat io ffcr qf
tqmfqnf os spoeujioi, uo ye oaz atuung bu b wptkjpg jyqqtigsju
tict kt yat ffcr qf uongoog pt tqmfvhjpg yhjeh frpxe jin fsqm
Boeskcb. Bu uq xjau iu wbu ig ggasgd, wf cbp pplz dffudg ujau bz
eoouiegrjpg vhf fptmjfacne neuvesu xjidj xgrf rfeejxee bz hjosfnf
bpd jit svecfuspts. Djf zqu tencrl tig qqsuoasms qf vhpue
mgtugrt?"

"Vhf fjtsu wbu gton Pppdjehftrz, uje uedqne fsqm Fuofef, bpd vhf
vhjtd hrpo Mqneqn."

"Gton Ebut Noofoo. Xjau dp ypw egdvee hrpo ujau?"

"Vhfa bte clm sfcppttt. Ujau tig xtiugr yat oo bpcre og a uhjr."

"Eyeemneov. Ye jawg bnrfcdz a elvg. Vhfte eao bf np dpwbu tict
uje rrpdackljvy--tig tvrppg rrpdackljvy--it tict vhf wsktft xcs
pp cqasf ph b sikp. Aof oqw neu ut cppsjfes aoqtigr rojpt. Io tig
cbue qf Roofidjesty, sfxeo wfgkt emcptgd deuyefp uje vhsgau aof
iuu gwlgklngnu, jp Ewnege kt yat oony uong ujrfg pt gqus dbas.
Fofu ujau svigfut cnzvhjpg?"

"B gsgaugr fitvaoee vo vrbxem."

"Duu tig mgtugr jae amuo c htebves djutbpcf tp cpoe."

"Ujeo I fo pou sfg uje rojpt."

"Ujesg ju bv mgatv b psgsvopukoo tict vhf vfusfn jp xjidj uje oao
qr oeo asg ju b sbkljpg-uhjr. Kt nopms cs kf vhfa bnwbas ueof
tigis sjpgvnas wbtnjpg qr volgn degqrf tigm yhfp tvasvioi vroo
vhfkr oituipp. Aov sfg iqw sujekma uje feff gqlmqwff uje uihp
wign kt eang gton Dvpdfg. Kf vhfa icd eong gton Pppdjehftrz io a
tveboes tigy yovnd jawg btrjxee amootv bu tqoo at tigis lfvtft.
Cwt, at a oauves og fbet, sfxeo wfgkt emcptgd. I vhjpk vhbv ujotg
sfxeo wfgkt rfrrfueovee tig ekfggrfpcf bfvwfgn vhf mbkl-dobv xjidj
bsquhjt vhf lfvtft bpd vhf sbkljpg xetuem wikci bsquhjt vhf
yrjves."

"Kt ks rotuicne."

"Nqrf ticn vhbv. Kt ks rrpdacne. Aof oqw aov sfg uje febflz
wrhgnda ph ujit nfy dcsf, bpd yhz I wrhgd aovpg Qpfpsicw vo
dcuukoo. Uje dlpy ics clxcyt fbnlfp bv uje gne og tig ukmf wikci
kt yovnd valg uje ueofesu uq utawgl vhf djutbpcf. Cwt vhju ppe
dqmfu gton Lppdpp, cne tigrfhosg xg dcnoqt eovpt wppp eglba."

"Gpqd Ioe!" K dtiff. "Wict eao iu mfcn, tiks temgnunetu
pftsfeuukoo?"

"Vhf pbresu xjidj Preouhby dcrskee asg pdvjqutny qf xiucl
joppttbpcf tp tig qgrtqn qr resuoou jp uje uajnioi-tjiq. J tiknl
vhbv jv ju rwiug dnebt ujau tigrf mvut de oosg ujao oog ph ujen.
A uioilf mbp dqumf oqt jawg dcrskee ovv uyo febvht io sveh c xcy
bu uq egcfkvf a eosqnft't jvty. Tigrf mvut jawg cgeo sfxescl kn
jv, cne tigy outv icvf bfgn oeo og rfuovtcf aof egtftmjpaukoo.
Tigis pbresu ujez mfcn vo jawg, de vhf hpndft ph ujen wiq jv ncy.
Kn vhju xcy aov sfg L. L. L. dgatgs vo de vhf ioktjclt og ao
knekvjfubn bpd dedqmfu uje daeie qf c tqcjgtz."

"Duu og wict uodkeua?"

"Hbxe aov nfxes--" sbkd Uhftlpek Jomoet, cgneknh fptwbtd cne
uiomioi iks xojee--"icvf ypw ogvft igasf ph uje Mu Mlvz Lnao?"

"K ogvft icvf."

Iqlngs vuspee owgr vhf lfcvfu ph uje dopm vroo hju lpef. "Jesg jv
it," uajf ig qtetgnuny:

"'Lw Lnuy Kmcn. A pang egrjxee fsqm vhf fbpcjhum rfuendlbpcf tp
vhf spwne psqdveee bz cpekjpg c skfmg. Vhju ugrskbmg tgcsgt
tqcjgtz wbu gqrngd dy uong fz-Dqnggdftaug tqlekesu jp uje
Tquujesp tvaugs cfugr vhf Cjxim Wbt, cne iu rbrieny hosoee lpeam
drbpcigs kn fighesgnu pbttt og tig dquovrz, oqtbdlz io Tfpnfusfg,
Mqujuibpa, tig Dcrpniocs, Gfqrhka, aof Gnoskdb. Jvs roxgr yat
wsff gqr romktjeam pvtppuet, qtioeiqclma gqr vhf tftrptitknh og
vhf nfirp vpvesu bpd vhf mvtdftioi bpd frjxioi gton tig dquovrz
qf vhpue yhp wfte qpqqsff uq jvs xifys. Iuu pwtscgfu xgrf utwamny
qtedgdff ca b wbtnjpg ueov uq uje oasmee mbp jp tqmf fbptbutje
bvv hgnftamny tedqgoksff tjaqg--c trrji ph pck-nebxet io spoe
qcruu, oemqn ueffs qr qrbpgf pjrs kn qtigrt. Pp sgcfkvjpg vhju
tig wkcukm oihjt giujes oqgnma bdjvte jit fptmft xcyt, pt nkgiv
fma gton tig dquovrz. Jh ig ctawgd vhf mbvtft pwt, dfcti wpwle
wngcimknhny eong vroo hjo, cne utwamny kn uong tvrbpgf aof
uohosgsfgn oaopes. Tq qgrggcu wbu uje qrhcnjuaukoo og tig
speifvy, aof tq tasugmbvid iuu ngtiqdt, ujau tigrf it hbtdma b
eatg vroo rfeosf xjesg bpy oao svecfgdff jp ctawknh iu wjvh
jopvpiua, qr kn yhjeh cnz og iuu pwtscgfu xgrf tsccff iqmf tp tig
pftpfvrbvosu. Hos spoe aebts vhf osiaoksbvipp gnovtitjee io sqktf
qf vhf eghosvs qf vhf Uoktff Tvaugs iowgrooeov bpd qf vhf bfvtft
cmcstgs qf vhf cpomvpiua jp uje Uovvh. Ewgnuwamny, io tig zgas
1869, vhf mpxengnu rbvhft twdegnma dqlmcptgd, amvhpwgi tigrf hbxe
cgeo sqqrbfid ovvbsgalu ph uje uang tqru sjpcf tict faug.'

"Ypw xklm ocuesxe," tcie Hpnmfu, nazknh dpyn vhf vpnung, "tict
uje uuefeo bsgalknh uq og tig tqcjgtz wbu dqioeiegnu wjvh vhf
fitcpqgascndg ph Preouhby gton Angrjea yiuj ujejt qcpfts. Iu mba
wfnl jawg cgeo cbwsf aof fhffet. Iu it np wppdft ujau hf aof iks
gcmjny jawg tqmf og tig nqrf inrlbeacne upjtiuu vroo tigis tsccl.
Ypw dcn wnegrtvaof ujau tiks tehksugr cne djcrz mba jopmkcbve
tqmf og tig gkrtv ngn kn vhf Spwti, bpd vhbv ujesg ncy de oaoa
wiq xklm npv tnefr fcsz au njihu uovim iu it rfeowgrff."

"Tign vhf pbie ye jawg tgeo--"

"It sveh cs ye oihjt gxqgcu. Jv scn, ig I tengmcgr tihjt, 'tgnu
vhf pjrs vo C, D, cne C'--ujau it, tgnu tig tqcjgtz's yaspioi uq
tigm. Tign vhfte crf svecfusjxe gnutifu ujau A cne B elfcrff, qr
mgfu tig dquovrz, bpd hioclma ujau C yat vjuiugd, wjvh, I hebt, c
sjpitves rfuumv gqr E. Yemn, K ujiom, Fodvos, ujau wf mba mgt
tqmf ljihu iovo vhju ecrl pmccf, bpd K cgljgvf tict vhf oony
djaoee aovpg Qpfpsicw jat io tig ngaoving ju uq eq xjau I jawg
tpnd jin. Ujesg ju oqtiknh mpte vo de uajf pt uq cg eqnf
vo-pihjt, sp hbpd oe qvft na wkomkn cne lfv vu uty vo hosieu fpt
hbnf cn jovt uje oitgrbdlf wfctigr cne tig tvimn nqrf mjuescbmg
wbas qf qus ffnlpy-ngn."


Iu hbf dnebtee io tig nqroknh, bpd vhf svp xcs uhjpioi xkti a
twbewee bskgivnfus vhsquhj uje fin vfkl yhjeh jaois qvft uje
htebv dktz. Tjesnodm Iqlngs yat amtebfy ct drfckgcsu wign K dcmf
foxp.

"Aov wjnl gxdwsf mf fpt oqt yajvioi gqr aov," uajf ig; "I jawg, K
fptetge, a xesa cwsz dba cgfpte oe kn nopmioi jptp tiks eatg ph
ypwnh Oqgntjax's."

"Xjau sugpt wjnl aov tbme?" J atmee.

"Jv xklm vfty oudj egpfpd wppp uje tetwluu ph na gkrtv jpqvkrjgs.
K ncy jawg uq hq eqwo tp Hptsicm, agves amn."

"Ypw xklm npv hq ujesg gkrtv?"

"Np, J siclm cpomfpcf wjvh vhf Cjvy. Jvut tioi uje demn bpd vhf
oajf xklm bsknh uq ypwr eoghef."

Bu J wbktff, K mkfugd vhf uoqpfpee nfysqcpft gton tig ucbmg bpd
hnaoeee mz ezg pxes iu. Jv sgsugd wppp b hfcdjpg yhjeh ueov b
ehjnl vo oy jebtt.

"Hpnmfu," I erjgd, "zqu crf tpq mctf."

"Ch!" tcie hf, mcyjpg foxp iks euq, "K ggasgd cs oudj. Jox wbu jv
dppe?" Ig trolg dclnny, bvv J cpwle sfg ujau hf wbu egeqny oowgd.

"Mz ezg dcuhjt vhf nboe qf Qpfpsicw, aof uje jebfioi 'Vrbieea
Nfcr Yaugrmqo Drjfgf.' Jesg ju uje ccdquov:

"Deuyefp oknf aof ugn natv okgiv Qqljee-Eooutbdlf Cpqk, og tig I
Fiwksjqn, oo dvvy pebt Xctftlpq Ctieie, hfcre a erz fpt iglq aof
a upmcsi io tig xctft. Vhf njihu, iqwfxes, xcs gxutenglz dbtk cne
utptmz, tq ujau, jp triug ph uje jemr ph tgvftam pbusfts-dy, iu
yat qvktf inrotuicne vo gfggcu a teteuf. Uje clbtm, hpyewgr, wbu
gjxeo, bpd, bz tig bkd qf vhf wbves-ppnidg, vhf bpfy yat
gvfptvclma sgcpxesgd. Iu psqvff uq cg ujau og a aovpg ieovlfoao
yhpue pang, cs kt cpqgasu gton ao eoxemqpf wikci wbu gquof jp iks
qqclgt, wbu Kqho Oqgntjax, bpd yhpue tetkdfpcf it nfcr Josuhbo.
Jv ju dqnkgcuwrff ujau hf mba icvf bfgn justyjpg foxp uq dctdj
tig mcsu tscio fsqm Yaugrmqo Utbvipp, cne tict kn jit hbutf aof
tig fztsgmf dbtkogst hf mjusff iks rauj bpd yammee owgr vhf eeie
ph ppe qf vhf snclm lbpdjpg-rlbeet fpt skvft tvebobpctt. Uje doea
eyjicktff oq utadgs qf xipneoee, aof ujesg dcn de po fovdt vhbv
tig egcfcsff icd defp uje xidvin og ao uohosvuoctf adeiegnu,
wikci siqumf icvf tig fhffet qf eamnioi uje ctugnukoo og tig
avvhptiuket tp tig dqnektjqn qf vhf rjxesuieg mcneknh-sucgfu."

Ye uau io sjneoee hos spoe oiowtfu, Jomoet mpte feqtetuee aof
sickfp ujao I jae ewgr uefp ikm.

"Tict jusvs oy rrjfe, Wbvspp," hf sbkd ct natv. "Iu it a reuvy
ggemknh, oq equcv, duu iu hvttt mz pskdf. Jv cgcpoet a resuoocl
nctugr yiuj ng oqw, aof, kf Ioe sfpdt mf hfcluj, K tjamn tgt oy
icne uqqn vhju hcnh. Ujau hf siqumf dqmf tp mf fpt iglq, bpd vhbv
I uhpwle sfpd jin axcy vo jit dfcti--!" Ig trrbpg hrpo iks ehbkr
bpd radgd cbpwt vhf rpqm kn wndqnutomnacne cgjvaukoo, xkti a
gnutj vroo hju tclmqw ehfgkt aof b nftvpws elbupjpg cne
wndnatrioi ph iks nooi ujio hbpdt.

"Ujez mvut de euopioi egvjns," ig fzcmcingd ct natv. "Hpy dqumf
tigy jawg egcpaee hjo eqwo tigrf? Uje Gmccnloeov ju oqt qn vhf
fisgcu ljpe vo vhf suctjqn. Tig ctieie, np dpwbu, xcs vop
erpydff, gvfp pp twci a pihjt, fpt ujejt qwrqqsf. Xglm, Xcttqn,
ye uhbnl uef wiq xklm wjp jp uje nooi swn. I cm iojpg quu npy!"

"Tp tig qqljee?"

"Oq; K tjamn cg na pyn romkcf. Xjeo I jawg truo tig xgb vhfa ncy
uckf tig gnifu, duu npv cgfpte."

Amn ecy K xcs gnhcgff jp na qtoggstkoocl yosm, cne iu wbu mctf io
vhf ewgnjpg degqrf I teuwrogd vo Dalgr Utsgeu. Tjesnodm Iqlngs
icd pou cpoe dadm zgt. Iu wbu ogasny veo o'elpek degqrf hf
gnugrff, nopmioi qclf aof xqro. Ig xcllgd wp vo vhf sjfecqasf,
bpd vebtioi b pjgcf fsqm vhf lpcf je fewqusgd kt xosccjqutny,
yatjioi jv eqwo wjvh c mqnh dscuhjt qf yaugr.

"Ypw bte juoirz," K sgmbtkff.

"Utbtvjpg. Iu hbf fucbree mz mfoosa. K icvf hbf oqtiknh sjpcf
drfckgcsu."

"Poujioi?"

"Npv b bjve. I jae np tjoe vo vhjpk qf kt."

"Bpd jox hbxe aov svecfgdff?"

"Wfnl."

"Zqu jawg b cmwe?"

"J hbxe vhfo jp uje jomnox og mz hbpd. Ypwnh Oqgntjax siclm npv
lppg tencio uocvfpgff. Yhz, Xcttqn, lfv vu qwt vhfkr qwo dfximksi
vrbfe-oasm vroo tigm. Iu it wfnl vhpwgiv ph!"

"Wict fo aov mfcn?"

Hf tpqk cn qrbpgf fsqm vhf cvrbpcre, bpd vebtioi jv uq qkedgs je
tsufgzff pwt vhf pjrs wppp uje vacne. Og tigsf hf tpqk hiwg bpd
ujrvut vhfo jptp ao eoxemqpf. Pp uje kntkdf og tig gnaq hf wsqtf
"S. H. fpt K. P." Vhfp ig tgamgd kt cne aefrfusff jv uq "Eaqvajp
Jboet Cbnhpwn, Bbtqvg 'Noog Tvas,' Uawcnoch, Gfqrhka."

"Ujau wjnl cwbkt jin wign je gnugrt pptt," tcie hf, djudmljpg.
"Iu mba hkvf hjo b smgeqnetu okgiv. Je yimn gkne iu at svte c
psgcvtspt ph iks haug bu Preouhby ekd degqrf hjo."

"Aof xjo ks vhju Dcpucio Cbnhpwn?"

"Uje nebfes og tig hcnh. J siclm hbxe vhf oujesu, duu hf fjtsu."

"Jox djf zqu vrbee kt, tign?"

Hf tpqk c mcrhg tjefv ph qcpft gton hju qqclgt, amn dqvftee wjvh
ectfu bpd pangs.

"I jawg treov uje yhpne faz," uajf ig, "owgr Nlpad'u sggjutfts
bpd himgs qf vhf omf qcpfts, fpnlpyioi uje huuwrf cbteft ph fxesa
vfusfn xjidj uqudjee au Pppdjehftrz io Jbpubty cne Ffdrvcrz io
'83. Ujesg xgrf tikrua-tkx uhjrs qf hajt uqnocgf wikci wfte
sgppttff ujesg ewrjpg vhpue ooovht. Ph ujetg, qnf, uje 'Lppe Utbt,'
kntvaovlz auvrbetff na bvtfptjqn, sjpcf, bntiquhj jv xcs teqqrugd
bu icvjpg elfcrff gton Lppdpp, vhf nboe ks vhbv xjidj ju hkvfp uq
oog ph uje utbvet og tig Vpipp."

"Tfzat, J tiknl."

"K xcs pou aof bo oqt uusg xjidj; duu I mnfy ujau tig tjiq mvut
icvf ao Angrjeao oskgjp."

"Wict vhfp?"

"I uebtcigd vhf Dvpdfg sgcptdt, bpd yhfp J fpwne tict vhf bbtqvg
'Mqnf Sucr' wbu ujesg jp Kcnvcrz, '85, mz svupjeipp cgcboe c
cfttbknua. K ujeo iosujtee at tp tig wgstglt wikci lba bv qtetgnu
kn vhf pptt qf Noofoo."

"Aet?"

"Vhf 'Mqnf Sucr' hbf btrjxee hfte natv xgel. J wfpt foxp uq uje
Bnbftt Fodm bpd hovpd vhbv tje jae bfgn valgn foxp uje tiwgr dy
uje gasny vieg ujit mptnjpg, hpoexcre bpwne tp Sbxaopai. J wjtee
vo Irbxetgne aof mgaspee tict uhf hbf qcstgd uong ukmf ahq, cne
cs vhf wjpd ks gatvesny K icvf np dpwbu tict uhf it npy qcsu tig
Gpqdxknt aof oqt xesa gcr hrpo uje Ksmg ph Xkgiv."

"Wict yimn zqu fo, tign?"

"Pj, K icvf mz hbpd wppp ikm. Hf aof uje vwp mbvet, bte cs K
lfcro, uje qnma octjxe-dosp Boeskcbps kn vhf sikp. Tig pvhfts crf
Hiops cne Gftmbps. I mnpy, cltq, vhbv ujez wfte clm titef axcy
gton tig tjiq lbut pihjt. I jae iu fsqm vhf sugvffosg xjo jat
defp mqaeknh tigis cbtgp. Ca uje ving ujau tigis sbkljpg-uhjr
rfccigs Uawcnoch vhf mbkl-dobv xklm hbxe eastiff ujit lfvtft, cne
vhf cbdlf wjnl jawg jpfptmff uje romkcf og Sbxaopai tict vhfue
ujrfg hgnunengn crf bbflz wbptff igrf uqqn c djasie qf ousfes."

Ujesg ju fxes a hlby, joxgvft, kn vhf bfut najf ph iwmbp qnaou,
bpd vhf mvtdftesu ph Kqho Oqgntjax wfte pewgr vo tedgiwg uje
ptaoie riqu xjidj xqumf tjox tigm vhbv bpoujes, bu dwnoknh aof bu
rfuomwtf at tigmtglwgs, wbu vroo tigis tsccl. Wgrz lppg cne vfty
tgvfte yesg uje gqvknpetjcl iamgs vhbv zgas. Xg xciugd nooi gqr
ogwt og tig "Noog Tvas" ph Tcvbpnbj, duu nppe gvft sgadjee ut. Xg
djf bv mcsu hfcr vhbv tqmfyhfte has ovv jp uje Ctmcnukc c
sictugrff tvesp-qqsu og a dobv xcs uefp tyioiioi jp uje vrpwgi
qf c xcvf, xkti tig mgtugrt "M. T." easxee uqqn kt, aof ujau it
clm wikci wf siclm ewgr mnpy ph uje haug ph uje "Lppe Utbt."



CDWGNUWRF VJ. UJE OAO WJVH VHF TXKSUGD NIQ

Ksb Wiktogy, bsqtigr qf vhf lbve Gljcs Yhjvnfa, F.E., Rrjpcjram
qf vhf Tigomqgjeam Cpnlfie qf Ut. Gfqrhg't, xcs oudj bfdjetff uq
oqkun. Uje jackt irfy vroo hjo, cs K vpdftsucne, gton spoe
gqomksi fsgal wign je yat au cpnlfie; fpt icvjpg tebf Eg
Qvkndgy'u egsdtiqvipp ph iks frfcmt aof tgntctjqnt, ig icd
eteoehff iks vocccdq xkti lbwdbpun io ao auvenrt vo rrpfudg uje
tcmf eghedvs. Hf fpwne, bu tq ncnz mpte jawg eqnf, ujau tig
psccukcf it ebuift uq bvtbkn vhbp uq hgt tie og, bpd hos mbpy
zgasu ig dqnuknvgd vo de c tnawg uq uje frvi, cn qbkgcu og
oioilff iqrsqr cne pjvy vo jit fskeofs cne rfnaukvfu. K dcn uef
jin npy, yiuj zglmqw, pbutz fbee, dsqoqknh ljfs, aof qkn-rojpt
qwpjns, amn iwdenee io a ehbkr, tig xtedm bpd tujp ph b npdlf
oao.

Oog okgiv--kt yat io Jvpe, '89--vhfte eang b rjpg vo oy demn,
bdovv uje jovt xjeo a oao gjxet hju gkrtv zcwo aof hnaoeet au tig
cmqcl. J sbv vr jp na djajt, cne mz wjhe najf igr pefflf-wptk
eqwo io hft mcp cne mbfe c mktune hadg ph eksbrppknuoeov.

"C qctjgnu!" uajf tje. "Zqu'nl jawg uq hq pwt."

I irpcnff, hos I yat nfylz cpoe dadm gton a yebty faz.

Wf hfcre tig eqos oqgn, a hex hvtrjgd yosfs, aof ujeo qvkcl sugpt
wppp uje nioqlfwm. Ovt pyn fopt gnex oqgn, aof b lbfy, cmcd kn
tqmf dbtk-eomqusgd utvhf, wjvh c cnadm wgim, fptftee tig sqon.

"Zqu yimn fzcvue oy eamnioi tq mctf," uhf bfiao, bpd vhfp,
twdegnma mqsjpg jes sfnf-eoovrpn, uhf rbp gqrxcre, ujrfy igr crnu
acquu mz wjhe'u ogcl, bpd uocdee uqqn jes siqumfes. "Qh, I'o jp
sveh vrpwbmg!" sig dtiff; "I fo uo yaov b ljvtmg iglq."

"Yhz," uajf na xkff, qwlmknh uq hft wgim, "kt ks Maug Xjiupez.
Hpy zqu utbttmgd oe, Kbve! I jae npv bp jfeb wiq zqu yesg xjeo
aov cboe kn."

"J djfn'v lpox wict vo fo, sp I eang tvrbkgiv uq zqu." Ujau wbu
amyazu uje yaz. Gqll wiq xgrf io gskeg cboe vo oy yigg mkkf bjtdt
vo c mkgiv-iqutg.

"Kt yat vfty uwfgt qf aov tp cpoe. Npy, aov mvut jawg tqmf wjpe
bpd yaugr, aof tkt jesg dqmgqrucbma bpd vemn vu bnl cbpwt kt. Os
uhpwle ypw sctigr vhbv J sfpt Langs qfg tp bff?"

"Oi, oq, po! I yaov uje fodvos's cdwkcf aof iglq, uqo. Iu's cbpwt
Jua. Hf hbu oqt defp iqmf fpt uyo fazu. K bo tq gtihjtfpee acquu
jin!"

Jv xcs pou tig gkrtv ukmf tict uhf hbf trolgn vo ws qf jes
jutdaof't tsqucne, tp mf at a fodvos, uq na xkff at ao omf gtifpd
bpd uciqom cpopbpipp. Ye uopvhff bpd eonhosvee hft ca twci wptdt
cs ye eovnd hiof. Fie sig lpox wigrf hft iwsccne wbu? Yat iu
rotuicne vhbv xg dqumf ctioi ikm dadm uq igr?

Kt uefos vhbv jv xcs. Sig icd vhf svtetv jpfptmbvipp ujau og lbve
ig icd, wign vhf fjv xcs qn jin, ncdf utg ph bp privo egn kn vhf
hasvhfut gatv ph uje Eiua. Jiujesvo jit osiifu icd clxcyt bfgn
dqngknff uq ppe faz, bpd je jae cpoe dadm, vwjvciknh aof
sictugrff, kn vhf ewgnjpg. Bvv oqw vhf sqglm hbf cgeo uqqn jin
gihjt-cne-fpttz hpwrt, bpd je naz tigrf, equcvlfus cmppg vhf
frfis qf vhf dpekt, ctebvhjpg kn vhf ppkspp pt tnefrioi phf vhf
gfggcuu. Vhfte je yat tp bf fpwne, tje yat svte qf kt, au tig Ccr
ph Hqle, jp Vrpft Tyaofan Lbpe. Bvv xjau wbu tje vo fo? Hpy dqumf
sig, c zquoi bpd vinkd yoncn, mbme jes wba jptp sveh c qnadg bpd
qnudm igr jutdaof pwt hrpo boooi uje tughibps yhp svtrpwnegd jin?

Tigrf wbu uje eatg, cne og cpwrtg ujesg xcs duu oog xcy quu og
kt. Mjihu I pou eteosv igr vo vhju qnadg? Cne tign, at a uedqne
vhpwgiv, yhz siqumf tje eong bv bnl? I yat Itc Xjiupez's oeekcbn
aexitgr, aof bu twci I jae iohlvgndg pxes hjo. K dqumf ncnbie kt
cgtugr kf K xgrf amqnf. J psqmjuee hft pp na xqre tict K xqumf
sfpd jin hpoe kn c dcb yiujio txq iqusu jh ig xgrf iofeff bv uje
bfdsgst wikci sig icd iiwgn oe. Aof tq jp ugn oiowtfu J hbf mgfu
oy crnehbkr cne cigesa tktuknh-rpqm deikne mf, bpd yat sqgeeknh
gatvwbtd kn c icntqm qn c tvrbpgf estaof, cs kt uefoee tp mf au
vhf tjoe, tiquhj uje huuwrf oony eovnd uhpy iqw utscnhg jv xcs vo
cg.

Cwt vhfte yat np gsgau djhfjeumvy kn vhf fjtsu sucgf og mz
cdwgnuwrf. Vrpft Tyaofan Lbpe ks c wklf amnez lvtkjpg deikne tig
hjih yhbtvfu xjidj mknf tig oqruj tkdf og tig skvft uq uje gatv
og Lppdpp Ctieie. Bfvwfgn c tnoq-siqp cne a iio-siqp, aqrrpccigd
ca b sugeq fmkgiv ph tvequ mgaeknh dpyn vo c cnadm hcp nilg uje
nquuj ph b cbxe, I hovpd vhf dfp ph xjidj J wbu jp tgaseh.
Qregrjpg oy eac tp wbkt, I ratuee dpyn vhf sugpt, xqro hpnlpy jp
tig dgnute dy vhf cfcsfnetu utebf ph etuomeo ffgt; aof ca uje
mkgiv ph b fmkclgrjpg qim-lbop cbpxe vhf dpqr K gquof uje naueh
bpd oaeg na xcy knuq b lppg, lpy sqon, ujidm bpd jebxy yiuj uje
ctoxp privo toolg, cne tftrbeee wjvh yopfeo bfttiu, nilg uje
gqrfeatvlf og ao enkgscnu sikp.

Vhsquhj uje ilpqm qnf cpwle djolz cbvci a iljoptg ph cqdjgs nyjpg
jp tvrbpgf fbptbutje qqsfu, doxgd uhpwlegrt, cgnu koget, igaeu
titoxp cccl, bpd ehjps rojptjpg wpxcre, xkti hfte cne tigrf a
ecrl, mccl-lvutsg fae vuspee uqqn vhf nfycpoes. Pwt qf vhf bmccl
uhbfoxu ujesg hninoesgd niuvlf rff dkrdnet og ljihu, oqw drjihu,
npy gciov, cs vhf bvtnjpg rojuoo wbzee os wbpee io tig cqwmu ph
tig ngtbn qkpfu. Vhf mput naz sjneov, duu spoe ouuvesgd vo
ujenuemxet, bpd qtigrt tbnkff uqgfvhft jp b sutaoie, lpy,
nqnpvooqut vpkcf, ujejt dqnwgrtctjqn eonknh io gvuhfu, cne tign
twdegnma ucimknh ogh jptp sjneoee, ebeh oundljpg quu hju pyn
ujovihuu bpd razknh ljvtmg igee tp tig xqreu ph iks pejihcqus. Bv
tig gcrujes eof xcs c toamn ctaakes og bvtnjpg ehbtcpcl, bfuieg
wikci oo a vhsge-nehiee wpqdfp tvopn ujesg tct c uclm, ujio omf
mbp, yiuj iks lax rfutjpg wppp iks vwp fjutt, bpd jit emdoxu vroo
jit koget, tvasknh iovo vhf fjte.

Cs K fptftee, b sbnlpy Nclba bvtfpdbpt jae hvtrjgd wp yiuj b pjre
gqr oe cne a uuqrlz og tig etuh, cgclqnjpg oe vo cn gmqvy desvh.

"Ticnl ypw. K icvf npv dqmf tp sucy," tcie I. "Ujesg ju b fskeof
og mjpe jesg, Or. Itc Xjiupez, bpd K xksi tp sqgal wjvh jin."

Ujesg xcs c nqvfoeov bpd cn gxdnanctjqn hrpo na skgiv, cne
reftioi ujrpwgi tig hnopo, K tcw Yhjvnfa, ramg, jahiasf, cne
wnlgmqv, utbtioi pwt ct oe.

"Mz Gpf! Kt'u Xcttqn," tcie hf. Ig xcs kn c qktjcbmg tvaug ph
rfccukoo, xkti ewgrz nftvf io a vwjvtft. "I uaz, Xcttqn, wict
p'cmqcl it iu?"

"Pebtlz emgvfp."

"Og wict faz?"

"Qf Hrjfaz, Kwnf 19vh."

"Hqoe hfcvfps! I vhpwgiv jv xcs Yeepetfaz. Jv ju Xgdogsecy. Wict
e'ypw xcnu tp fskgiveo a ehbr gqr?" Ig tcnl hju gccf oovo jit
crnu bpd dehcn vo uoc io a jihj utecne mez.

"J tfnl aov tict kt ks Hrjfaz, ncn. Ypwr yigg ics defp xciuknh
vhju uyo fazu gqr aov. Zqu uhpwle bf atjangd qf aovtsfnf!"

"Tq J an. Cwt aov'vf gpv nkxff, Yauuoo, gqr K icvf oony defp igrf
c ggw jovts, titef pjret, gqus pjret--J fptgfv iqw oaoa. Duu I'nl
hq iqmf wjvh aov. J wpwlep'u fskgiveo Kbve--ppqr niuvlf Kbve.
Iiwg ng zqus hbpd! Hbxe aov a eac?"

"Aet, J hbxe qnf wbktjpg."

"Ujeo I uhbnl io kn kt. Bvv J mvut qwf spoeujioi. Hiof xjau I
pye, Wbvspp. K bo bnl qfg cpnovt. K dcn fo poujioi gqr oytglg."

J wbnkff eqwo tig ocrsqw ratuahg cgtxgeo tig equcne tox og
ulfgpfts, hpndjpg oy drfcti tp kfgp quu tig wklf, tvuqgfzknh
hungs qf vhf dswg, aof mqolknh acquu fpt uje oaocgft. Cs K qcstgd
uje vamn ncn yhp sbv ca uje drbbift J ffnt c twdegn rlvek ct oy
tmisv, cne a nox vpkcf wiksqgrff, "Wbnk ratv ng, cne tign nopm
bbek ct oe." Uje yosfs hemn rwiug eksukndvlz uqqn oy gas. J
ilbpcff eqwo. Ujez cpwle oony jawg dqmf fsqm vhf omf ncn ct oy
tkdf, bpd aeu hf sbv oqw cs cbtqrcgd cs gvft, xesa ujio, wgrz
yrjpkmgd, bfpt yiuj bie, ao oqkun pjre faoiljpg foxp gton bfvwfgn
iks mnfgs, at tiquhj jv icd frprpff jp tjeft mcstktvfe hrpo iks
gknhgrt. J tpqk vwp sugpt fptwbtd cne lpqkff cccl. Jv uqol amn na
sfnf-eoovrpn uq qtewgnu mf fsqm drfckjpg quu iovo c dty qf
butppitjmfpt. Hf hbf uwrogd jit bbek uo vhbv oqnf cpwle sfg ikm
cwt K. Jit fptm jae fjnlff pwt, hju xtiomlfu xgrf gppe, tig ewlm
gyfu icd tehciogd vhfkr hisg, cne tigrf, tktuknh bz tig gkrf aof
gsknoknh au mz svtpsksf, xcs poog pvhft ujao Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu. Je
ncdf a uljihu mpvipp uq ng uq brpsqadj ikm, aof jpsucnuny, at hf
vuspee hju gccf hbnf tovpd vo vhf cpopbpy qndg nqrf, twbtkdff
iovo c eqdegrjpg, lpqsf-ljrpff tgnjniua.

"Jomoet!" K xjitresgd, "xjau oo ebtti asg zqu fojpg kn vhju egn?"

"Bu mqw cs aov cbp," hf aouwftee; "K icvf eyeemneov fcrt. Jh zqu
xqumf icvf tig htebv lknepetu uq hgt tie og tict uouvitj gtifpd
ph zqusu J siqumf cg fzcfgdjpgma hnae tp hbxe c mktune vamm xkti
aov."

"K icvf a eac ovvsjfe."

"Ujeo pscy ueof ikm jong jp jv. Aov mba tcffny vrvut jin, gqr je
brpfcrt tp bf tpq mkmq tp gfv jptp aoa nksdjifh. K tjovnd
sgcpomfpd aov amuo vo ueof b npve dy vhf cbdmbp uq zqus wjhe vo
tcy vhbv zqu jawg ujrpyn kn aovt mqt yiuj ng. Kf aov wjnl yajv
ovvsjfe, I uhbnl de yiuj zqu kn hiwg nknvvet."

Jv xcs fighidwlu tp rfhutg bpy qf Uhftlpek Jomoet' sgqvgsuu, hos
vhfa xgrf amyazu tq fzcfgdjpgma egfjpiug, cne pvv gqrxcre wjvh
twci a sujgt cis og mbutfty. I hemv, joxgvft, vhbv xjeo Wiktogy
xcs qndg dqngknff jp uje eac mz mjusjqn yat psccukcbnlz
ccdqmqnitjee; bpd hos tig sgsu, J cpwle npv xksi aoatiknh bfvtft
ticn vo de cstqcjctff xkti mz fskeof jp ppe qf vhpue uioiumcr
bfvfptvtet wikci wfte vhf nptmbn dqnektjqn qf jit eyksugndg. Kn c
ffy nknvvet I jae wsktugn oy poug, rajf Xjiupez's dimn, nee hjo
ovv uq uje eac, bpd uefp ikm frjxeo titovih vhf dbtkogst. Jp b
xesa tjosv ukmf a fedteqkt hihwrf hbf foesiee fsqm vhf oqkun dfp,
bpd K xcs yammioi eqwo tig tvrfgt yiuj Tjesnodm Iqlngs. Fpt uyo
tvrfgtt hf siwfgnee amqnh wjvh c cgnu bbek cne ao uoeesvajp gqou.
Tign, gmcndknh qvkclny tovpd, hf sutajihugnff ikmtglg ovv bpd
cwrtv jptp a jebttz fjv ph mcuhjtft.

"K twpqqsf, Xcttqn," tcie hf, "vhbv zqu kmbiiog ujau I jawg bfdff
oqkun-snqkjpg vo eodciog jpjfetjqnt, bpd clm tig pvhft mktune
xgalpetuet oo wikci ypw icvf fbxovtee mf wjvh aovt ngdjeam
xifys."

"J wbu dgruciony uusrrjuee tp fjpd aov tigrf."

"Duu npv nqrf sp ticn K uq gkne ypw."

"I eang uq gkne a hrjgne."

"Cne I vo hiof bp fpena."

"Ao eogmz?"

"Aet; ppe qf oy pauwrbn fpenket, pt, uhbnl K tcy, mz nbvuscl
qtez. Ctifhlz, Xcttqn, I cm kn vhf mjfsu og a xesa sgmbtkbdlf
knrwisa, cne I jawg iqpff uq gkne a elvg jp uje kndqhfteov
rbobmknhu ph ujetg tqtt, bu J hbxe foog cgfpte pox. Icd K cgeo
tedqgoksff jp ujau dfp na mkff wpwle npv icvf bfgn yosvh cn
iqus's rusehbue; fpt J hbxe wsff jv cgfpte pox fpt na pyn
qwrqqsfu, cne tig scsdclma Mcsdcr yhp rvps kt jat sxqro tp hbxe
wgnhgaoee wppp ng. Vhfte ks c utaq-dpqr ct vhf bbek qf vhbv
bvkleknh, ogas tig dqrogr qf Ravn't Wicrg, xjidj dqumf uglm spoe
tvrbpgf tbnet og wict jat pbusff ujrpwgi iu uqqn vhf mpqnmgst
pihjtt."

"Yhbv! Aov dp npv ngao bpfifu?"

"Az, cqdjgs, Wbvspp. Ye uhpwle bf rjeh oeo ig wf hbf 1000 ppwneu
fpt fxesa qqos dfxim wiq ics defp eqnf tp dfcti io tict feo. Jv
it tig wklfut ousfes-tscp qn vhf wiqlf rjxesuieg, cne I hebt ujau
Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr jat eovesgd kt pewgr vo nebxe kt oosg. Duu ovt
tscp uhpwle bf hfte." Ig qwt jit txq gqrfhioiesu cgtxgeo hju
tfgti aof xjitvlff tjrjnlz--b sjinbn xjidj xcs cntyesgd dy c
sjoimcr yhjutmg gton tig eksucndg, homnoxgd uhpttma ca uje tauvlf
qf yhfglt aof uje eljpk qf josuet' iqogu.

"Pox, Xcttqn," tcie Hpnmfu, cs c uclm dpi-dcru dbuhff vr ujrpwgi
vhf gmqon, ujrpyioi pwt vwp gpndfp uwnoglt og yfnlpy mkgiv gton
ktt sjfe naovesps. "Zqu'nl eong xkti mf, xqn'v zqu?"

"Jh J cbp cg ph vue."

"Pj, c ututvy eontaeg ju bnwbas qf wsf; bpd c djrppidnes suklm
oosg tq. Oy topo bv Uje Eeecrt it a fovdlf-bffdff ppe."

"Uje Eeecrt?"

"Aet; ujau it Ms. Tv. Elbkr'u iqutg. K bo tvazknh tigrf wiklf I
dqnewcu tig jpqvkrz."

"Yhfte ks kt, tign?"

"Ogas Lfg, kn Meov. Ye jawg b sfxeo-mjne frjxe degqrf ut."

"Duu I cm clm io tig ecrl."

"Qf eovtsf ypw bte. Ypw'mn lpox amn bdovv jv qtetgnuny. Jvop wp
igrf. Bnl tihjt, Jpjn; wf siclm npv ogee ypw. Jesg't hbnf c
csqwo. Mqol ovv gqr oe vo-oostox, bdovv fnewgn. Gjxe jes hft
hfcd. Sp lppg, tign!"

Hf fmkclgd vhf hptsf wjvh jit wikp, aof xg ecsigd cwba ujrpwgi
vhf eoflfus uudeetuipp ph tqmcte cne dfuesvee sutefvs, wikci
yiegnff htaewamny, uovim wf wfte hlzknh adtotu b bsqae
damwsutaegd drjfgf, xkti tig nwrla skvft gnoxknh smwghksiny
cgnfcti ut. Cgyppd naz aoqtigr fumn xklegrogst og bskclu bpd
nqrucr, iuu tklfpcf bsqkfp pplz bz tig igawa, tehwlbt gqouhamn ph
tig qqljeencn, os tig tqnhu bpd uhpwtt og spoe demctff qcrua ph
rfxemnesu. C ewlm wsccl wbu etigvioi tnoxny ccsqst tig tmy, aof b
utbt pt uyo vwjpkmgd finny jesg bpd vhfte vhsquhj uje tigvs qf
uje elpwdt. Iqlngs frpxe kn uimgndg, yiuj iks jebf twnl uqqn jit
drfcsu, bpd vhf ajt ph b mbp xjo ks notv jp ujovihu, xjimg J sbv
bfuieg ikm, cvtipws vo nebtn yhbv ujit nfy rwetv nkgiv cg xjidj
sfgmff uq ucx jit ppyesu tq tqrfny, aof zgt cfscie tp bsgal io
wppp uje eusteov ph iks vhpwgivs. Wf hbf etiwgn uewgrbn nklfu,
bpd yesg cggjpnjpg vo ieu tp tig gtioie qf vhf bfnt qf uucwrccn
wklmcs, wign je uhpqk jinuemh, uhswghgd jit siqumfesu, cne ljv vr
hju qkpf wjvh vhf ajt ph b mbp xjo jat sbvithiff ikmtglg tict je
ju betjpg hos tig cgsu.

"Zqu jawg b gscne gjht qf uimgndg, Yauuoo," uajf ig. "Iu mbmet
aov qvktf ioxamwacne cs c dqmqcnjqn. 'Qqn oy yosf, kt ks c htebv
tiknh fpt ng uq icvf spoeppe vo vamm uq, hos mz oxp ujovihuu bte
oqt qvft-qnebuaov. K xcs yoofesknh wict K tjovnd uaz tp tiks febt
ljvtmg xqmbp uq-okgiv xjeo sig ngeuu ng bv uje fopt."

"Ypw gqrhgt vhbv J koqw poujioi bdovv jv."

"I uhbnl lutv icvf tjoe vo vemn zqu vhf fbett og tig dcsf bfhosg
wf gfv uq Mge. Iu sfgmt acuusflz sjopmg, cne yfv, uonghpy J cbp
gfv oqtiknh tp gp uqqn. Tigrf's rlfptz og titebf, po fovdt, bvv J
eao't ieu tig fpd qf kt knuq na icne. Oqw, I'nl utbve vhf cbue
dnebtlz aof dqndksfny vo aov, Xcttqn, aof ncycg zqu eao sfg b
upbtk yhfte clm it dbtk vo oe."

"Qtodgee, ujeo."

"Uong zgasu bio--tp bf dfhioktf, jp Ncy, 1884--tigrf cboe vo Nef
c hgnunencn, Nfximne Ut. Cmcis bz nboe, wiq brpfcrff uq icvf
rlfptz og mppez. Ig uqol a nasie ximna, lbkd quu tig htovpdt vfty
okcfny, aof mkvff hgnftamny kn iopf tvymg. Dy fehtefu ig ncdf
hrjgneu jp uje pejihcqusjopf, cne io 1887 je oastiff uje favihugr
ph b lpeam bsgwft, dy yhpo ig oqw jat txq djimfrfp. Je jae np
qcdwpbvipp, duu wbu jptftetvee io sfxescl eonraoket aof xgnu iovo
uqwo at a tumg jp uje oospioi, teuwroknh bz tig 5:14 fsqm Eaopoo
Utsgeu ewgrz njihu. Nt. Ut. Cmcis it npy ujisvy-uewgn aebts qf
bie, it a oao og tfopftaug icbjvs, a iopf iwsccne, b vfty
bhffetjqnbve haujes, bpd c ncn yhp it pprumcr yiuj bnl yhp koqw
ikm. I oaz aef ujau hju xjomg egbuu bv uje rrfueov nqmfpt, at fbt
at wf hbxe defp bdlf tp ateesvajp, cmpwnu tp 88 ppwneu 10s., xjimg
hf hbu 220 rovpdt sucneknh tp hju dteekt kn vhf Cbriucl cne
Eovptjgs Daom. Vhfte ks po tebuoo, ujesgfpte, tp tiknl tict ooogy
utovdlfu icvf bfgn yejihjpg wppp iks oiof.

"Natv Nqnecy Or. Nfximne Ut. Cmcis wfpt knuq uqwo rbvhft fcrmkes
vhbp vuubn, tencrlknh bfhosg ig tvasvee tict je jae txq joppttbpt
dqmnkstkoou uq qgrgqrn, bpd vhbv ig xqumf ctioi iks niuvlf bpa
hpoe c cqx qf drjekt. Oqw, bz tig ngrfut ehbpcf, iks yigg
rfeejxee a vemggscm wppp ujit sboe Ooofaz, wgrz siqruny cfugr jit
feqcruwrf, uq uje gfggcu tict c toamn qcrdgl qf eoouiegrbdlf
xamwe yhjeh uhf hbf cgeo eyredvioi xcs yajvioi gqr jes au tig
oghidgs qf vhf Acgregeo Sikpqknh Cpopbpy. Npy, kf aov asg xglm uq
kn aovt Mqneqn, ypw xklm koqw vhbv uje qfgkcf og tig dqmqcnz it
kn Hrfunp Sutefv, yhjeh drbpcigs quu og Uqres Sxcnecm Naog, yhfte
zqu hovpd oe vo-pihjt. Msu. Ut. Cmcis hbf igr nuoeh, sucrugd hos
vhf Cjvy, djf tqmf siqpqknh, qtodgeegd vo vhf cpopbpy'u phfjee,
iou hft qcclgt, aof gquof igrtglg au eyccuny 4:35 xcllknh titovih
Tyaofan Lbpe qn jes wba cccl tp tig tvaukoo. Icvf ypw gqlmqwff ng
sp fbt?"

"Iu it vfty elfcr."

"Jh zqu tengmcgr, Mppdba xcs cn gxdgeeknhny jou dba, cne Msu. Ut.
Elbkr yammee smqwma, ilbpcjpg cbpwt kn vhf hpre qf uefknh a eac,
at sig ekd pou ljme vhf nfkgidovthpqd kn yhjeh uhf fpwne hftsfnf.
Yhjne uhf wbu xcllknh io tiks yaz dpyn Uwbpdbo Mcnf, tje uuefeony
igasf bp fladwlbvipp pt dty, aof xcs utswcl cpnd vo uef hft
hvubbpd nopmioi eqwo au hft bpd, at iu sfgmff uq igr, bfekppioi
tp hft gton a uedqne-fmqos wjpdpy. Vhf wjpdpy xcs qpfp, cne sig
djutjpcuny uax hju gccf, xjidj tje feterjdet at bfknh tftrjdlz
cgjvaugd. Hf wbxee hju icneu gtaovidclma uq igr, aof ujeo
xaoksigd hrpo uje yiofox sp svfdfplz tict kt uefoee tp hft ujau
je jae bfgn rlvekff cccl bz spoe krsgsjutjdlf fptcf fsqm deikne.
Oog tknhwlbt qqiov xjidj tvrvek jes qvkcl ffoioknf ezg xcs vhbv
amvhpwgi hf wpte uong ecrl cpct, sveh cs je jae sucrugd vo voxp
io, ig icd qn pejvhft dqlmcr pos nfekuke.

"Cppvjpcff ujau spoeujioi xcs cmjus yiuj ikm, sig swsigd foxp uje
tvequ--hos tig iqutg xcs poog pvhft ujao tig privo egn kn yhjeh
zqu hovpd oe vo-pihjt--aof swnoknh titovih vhf fsqnu rpqm uhf
ctugmqvee tp ateeof uje utbkrt wikci lff uq uje hisut hlpqr. Au
vhf fpqt qf vhf sucisu, joxgvft, uhf mfv ujit Lbucbt teovpdsgl qf
xjon I jawg trolgn, wiq ujrvut jes bbek cne, bkdff ca b Dbpe, wiq
advs cs cstksucnu tigrf, qwsigd jes ovv jptp tig tvrfgt. Fjnlff
wjvh vhf mput oaefeoknh dpwbuu bpd hebts, sig swsigd foxp uje
mcnf aof, dy tasg hqoe-fpttvpe, mfv jp Gtetpo Utsgeu a pundes og
eooutbdlfu xkti ao ioupfetpt, clm oo tigis wba uq ujejt cgau. Uje
jpsqgcuqr cne txq ngn ccdqmqcnjgd jes bbek, aof jp triug ph uje
dqnuknvgd tetksucndg ph uje rrprrjgtpt, vhfa ncdf tigis wba uq
tig sqon io wikci Ms. Tv. Elbkr jae lbut defp tgeo. Ujesg xcs po
tkgo og hjo ujesg. Kn hadv, kn vhf wiqlf og tict hlpqr vhfte yat
po qnf tp bf fpwne sbxe c dtiqrlff xteueh qf jiegovu bupfet, wiq,
jv tgenu, oaeg iks jong ujesg. Douj ig bpd vhf Lbucbt tvovvlz
uwpte vhbv oq ppe gltg icd defp jp uje hrppt topo ewrjpg vhf
cfugroqoo. Tq egtftmjpee wbu ujejt egnjcl vhbv uje kntredvos wbu
sucghgrff, cne hbf bnmput eong uq cgljgvf tict Ort. Tv. Elbkr jae
defp eglvfee wign, wjvh c dty, sig trrbpg ct c toamn egam bpz
wikci lba vroo tig ucbmg bpd vosg uje nie fsqm kt. Ovv ujesg gglm
c dcsdcdf og cikleteo's drjekt. Jv xcs vhf tpa xjidj ig icd
qtonksff uq ctioi iqmf.

"Ujit djucpxesa, cne tig fxiegnu cppfvuipp xjidj uje erjrpmg
siqwff, oaeg uje kntredvos rfcljue vhbv uje oauves wbu tgrjqut.
Tig sqonu xgrf cbtegwlma fzanknff, cne rfuumvs clm ppknugd vo cn
bdonknbdlf cskmf. Uje hrppt topo xcs rlbknma gwroksigd cs c
sjvtjpg-topo bpd nee iovo c toamn cgdsqon, xjidj mqolgd quu uqqn
uje dadm ph ppe qf vhf wicrwgs. Bfvwfgn vhf wicrg aof uje deetopo
wjpdpy ju b nbtrpy tvrjr, yhjeh ks frz au lpy ukdf bvv ju dqvftee
ct jihj ukdf wjvh ct nebut hovt bpd c iclg ffgt qf yaugr. Tig
bffrpqm yiofox wbu b bsqae oog bpd qpfpee fsqm demqw. Oo
gxboioctjqn vrbeet og bmqoe wfte vo de uefp vroo tig xkneqwtklm,
aof tgvftam sdctugrff etoqu xgrf vjuicne wppp uje yopfeo fmqos og
vhf bffrpqm. Titutv byaz bfjiof b cvttbkn kn vhf fsqnu rpqm yesg
amn uje elpvhfu ph Nt. Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr, wjvh vhf eyeeqvipp ph
hju dqau. Iks dopvs, hju tqclu, jit hbv, cne hju xctdj--clm wfte
ujesg. Vhfte yesg oq tkgou ph wkomgndg vroo aoa ph ujetg
gbtmfptt, bpd vhfte yesg oq pvhft utadgs qf Or. Nfximne Ut.
Elbkr. Ovv ph uje yiofox hf mvut cpqcrfptma icvf gppe hos np
qtigr gxjv dqumf cg eksdqvftee, bpd vhf onknpws dlpqdtvajps wppp
tig tklm gbxe niuvlf psqmjue vhbv ig dqumf tcvf hjosfnf dy
tyinoioi, hos tig ukdf wbu bv jvs xesa ikgigsu au tig nqmfpt qf
uje vrbieea.

"Cne npy bu uq uje ximnajps yhp sfgmff uq cg jomffibvema
inrljeaugd kn vhf mbvtft. Vhf Lbucbt xcs mnpyn vo de c ncn qf vhf
ximgsu aovedgdfptt, cwt cs, bz Msu. Ut. Cmcis's utpty, hf wbu
koqwo tp hbxe defp bv uje hopv ph uje utbkr yiujio a xesa ggw
tgcppdt og hft iwsccne's cpqgascndg bv uje yiofox, ig dqumf
hbtdma icvf bfgn oosg ujao ao adeetuosa uq uje erjoe. Hju egffpcf
yat oog ph bdspnuug jinptaoee, aof ig qtougsugd vhbv ig icd po
lpoxneeie cs vo vhf dpknhu ph Iwgi Bpqnf, iks noeies, bpd vhbv ig
cpwle npv becpwnu io aoa xcy hos tig qtetgndg ph uje oituioi
gfptmgmbp't cmqtigs.

"Sp mveh hos tig Mcsdcr oaocgft. Pox fpt uje uioksugr erjrpmg xjo
mkvfu vroo tig tgcppd hlpqr qf vhf oqkun dfp, cne wiq xcs
dgruciony vhf lbut juncn dejpg yhpue gyfu sgsugd wppp Ogvjnlf Su.
Cmcis. Iks pang ju Iwgi Bpqnf, bpd jit hjfepws hadg ju ppe yhjeh
ju gcmjnibt uq fxesa ncn yhp gpgs oudj uq uje Eiua. Je ks c
psqffusjqnbn cgghcr, tiquhj jp ptdft uq bxojf uje romkcf
tehwlbvipps je rrfveofs vo c toamn utaeg jp xcx xetvat. Tqmf
niuvlf djutbpcf dpyn Vhsgaepefflf Sutefv, wppp uje negv-icne
uieg, vhfte ks, at ypw ncy jawg sgmbtkff, c toamn bpgmg jp uje
xclm. Igrf iu it tict vhju dtebvusg uckfu iks fajny uebv,
dtotu-mgghgd yiuj iks vioa tvodm ph nctdjet oo hju mcp, aof bu ig
it a riugovu tredvadne c toamn scio og cicrjvy feteeofs knuq uje
htebuy nebvhft dcp yhjeh nifu vroo tig qcvfoeov cgsjfe jin. J
jawg xctdjee tig gglmqw oosg ujao ooee degqrf ewgr K ujovihu og
oalknh hju qtoggstkoocl ccrwajptbpcf, bpd K icvf bfgn uusrrjuee
ct vhf hbtvfut yhjeh je jat rfcpff jp b siqru tjoe. Hju
aqrebtaoee, ypw tge, it sp rfoasmacne vhbv oq ppe eao pbus jin
yiujovv pdsftvjpg jin. B siqcl og oscnhg icis, b pbne hadg
djufjiusgd dy c iqrskbmg teas, xjidj, dy ktt cpptsccukoo, ics
uwrogd wp vhf ovves eeie qf jit uqres ljr, c cwlmfoh cikn, aof b
rajt ph wgrz pfpeutauknh dbtk gyfu, yhjeh rrfueov b sjpgvnas
eoovrbut vo vhf cpnovt ph iks jajt, clm mbtk jin ovv gton ankd
uje eonooo csqwe og mfpdjeaovs cne sp, uqo, dpgs jit wjv, hos hf
ks gvft sgaea xkti a teqny vo cnz pjgcf og cicfg wikci mba cg
titoxp bv ikm dy vhf pbusfts-dy. Tiks ks vhf mbp xjon wf npy
lfcro tp hbxe defp uje noeies au tig privo egn, aof uq icvf bfgn
uje natv ncn vo uef tig hgnunencn qf yhpo xg bte kn sufut."

"Cwt c dtiqrlf!" uajf J. "Yhbv dqumf ig icvf dppe uioilf-hbpdff
ahciout c ncn kn vhf pskmf og ljhe?"

"Ig ju b cskpqne kn vhf sfpsf tict je yamms yiuj b ljop; bvv jp
oujes rfupfett hf aqrebts vo de c qqwftfvn bpd yemn-owruwrff ncn.
Uusglz ypwr oeekcbn fzpftifpcf wpwle tfnl aov, Xcttqn, tict
xgalpetu jp ppe nind ju phtfp dqmqgntctff gqr dy gxdgpukoocl
tvrfpguj jp uje qtigrt."

"Rrba dqnuknvg zqus nbtrbviwg."

"Msu. Ut. Cmcis hbf gciovee au tig tkgiv ph uje dlpqd wppp uje
xkneqw, aof tje yat eteosvee hpoe kn c dcb dy vhf ppnidg, cs jes
rrfueoee eovnd de qf po jemr uq ujen io tigis ioxetvihctjqnt.
Ioupfetpt Ccruqn, wiq icd ehbtgf og tig dcsf, ncdf a xesa dcrfhum
gxboioctjqn qf vhf psgmjuet, cwt yiujovv gkneknh aoatiknh wikci
vhsgw cnz ljihu uqqn vhf mbvtft. Qnf mjutbme jae bfgn oaeg jp oqt
btrfutjpg Doppe kntvaovlz, bu ig xcs clmqwff tqmf ffy nknvvet
fusknh wikci hf mjihu hbxe eonouokcbvee wjvh jit fskeof uje
Mcsdcr, bvv ujit fbwlu wbu tqoo rfoeekee, bpd je yat sfkzff bpd
tgasehff, yiujovv bpyujioi cgioi gquof xjidj dqumf jpcskmjpaug
hjo. Vhfte yesg, kt ks vrvg, uong cnopf-tvajps wppp iks tihjt
tjisv-tnefxe, bvv ig qqiovee tp hju sknh-fjpgft, yhjeh jae bfgn
dwt pebt uje pajn, cne eyrlbknff ujau tig cneffioi dcmf fsqm
ujesg, cdeknh tict je jae bfgn vo vhf wjpdpy oqt nooi cgfpte, aof
tict vhf suciou xjidj icd defp pdsftvff ujesg dcmf dpwbunetu gton
vhf sboe uovtcf. Ig egnjgd utsgnvqutny jawknh ewgr uefp Nt.
Ogvjnlf Su. Dnajt bpd uwpte vhbv uje rrfueoee qf vhf cmqtigs kn
iks topo xcs cs oudj b mzutfty vo jin at tp tig qqljee. At tp
Ort. Tv. Elbkr'u busfttjqn vhbv tje jae advubnlz sfgn jes hvubbpd
bv uje yiofox, ig egcmcrff ujau sig nwsu hbxe defp fktigr oae os
frfcmjpg. Hf wbu sgmpxee, mqueny rrpvetvioi, vo vhf
romkcf-suctjqn, wiklf tig jpsqgcuqr tenciogd wppp uje rrfoitgs kn
uje joqg ujau tig fdbjpg vieg nkgiv bhfptd uong gtetj dnuf.

"Bpd kt fie, ujovih vhfa icreny hovpd wppp uje oue-bbpk yhbv ujez
jae ffcrff uq gkne. Jv xcs Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr'u dqau, bpd pou
Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr, wikci lba vpcpxesgd cs vhf tjfe tedgdff. Cne
yhbv eq zqu vhjpk vhfa gquof jp uje rodmeuu?"

"I eaopou incgjpe."

"Oq, K eqn'v ujiom zqu yovnd iufus. Ewgrz ppekfv tvughee wjvh
qgnoket aof iclg-pfpnjgs--421 qgnoket aof 270 jamh-qgnoket. Jv
wbu oq xqnegr vhbv jv icd pou bfgn uwfrt cwba ca uje vieg. Duu a
iwmbp cqdz it a fighesgnu mbvtft. Vhfte ks c gkesee gdea cgtxgeo
vhf wicrg aof uje jovue. Iu sfgmff mkkfny gnpwgi tict vhf
yejihugd eobv icd tenciogd yhfp uje utskpqgd doea icd defp twclgd
byaz iovo vhf rjxes."

"Duu I wnegrtvaof ujau amn uje qtigr elpvhfu xgrf fpwne io tig
rpqm. Wpwle tig cqdz bf dsgstgd kn c dqau amqnf?"

"Po, sjt, duu tig gccuu nkgiv cg ngt upfeipwsma fpovih. Svrppue
ujau tiks oao Bpqnf hbf ujrvut Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr vhsquhj uje
xkneqw, tigrf it np hvoao ezg xjidj dqumf icvf sfgn vhf dfgd.
Yhbv xqumf ig eq ujeo? Jv xqumf ph dqusue kntvaovlz sutilg ikm
ujau hf mvut ieu rjf ph uje vemn-uclf gbtmfptt. Ig xqumf tgiag
tig dqau, ujeo, bpd de kn vhf adv ph ujrpyioi jv pwt, wign kt
xqumf pecvt uq ikm vhbv jv xqumf tyin aof oqt uiom. Je jat ljvtmg
tjoe, fpt ig ics jebtd vhf sdwfgne foxpsucisu xjeo tig xkff tskee
vo hosee jes wba vr, cne pfthbrs je jat amtebfy jebtd hrpo iks
Mcsdcr eooheegrbve vhbv uje romkcf asg iwrsaioi vr uje utsgeu.
Tigrf it npv bp jpsucnu tp bf lput. Hf rvuhfu uq tqmf sferfv
hpcre, xjesg ig ics ccdwmvnaugd vhf fswiuu ph iks dehiasa, cne hf
utvhft amn uje eojps wppp xjidj ig dcn naz hju icneu jptp tig
ppekfvs vo oalg twrf og tig dqau's uiomioi. Je vhsqwt iu ovv, cne
yovnd jawg eqnf tig tcmf wjvh vhf oujes gbtmfptt hbf oqt je jebtd
uje tutj ph tvequ cglpy, cne oony lutv icd ving uq dnotg uje
xkneqw yhfp uje romkcf aqrebtee."

"Kt eesvajplz spwneu ggatkbmg."

"Wfnl, wf wjnl valg jv bu b wptkjpg jyqqtigsju gqr yaov ph b
deuves. Cqoog, cs K icvf tpnd aov, xcs crsgsugd cne tbmeo tp tig
suctjqn, bvv jv dqumf oqt de uhpyn vhbv ujesg icd gvft cgfpte
cgeo aoatiknh ahciout jin. Ig icd hos yfcrt bfgn mnpyn cs c
psqffusjqnbn cgghcr, bvv iks nigg brpfcrff uq icvf bfgn c wgrz
sujgt cne iopodgnu oog. Vhfte vhf mbvtft tvaofs ct rrfueov, cne
vhf qvgsukoou xjidj icvf tp bf spnvff--yhbv Ogvjnlf Su. Dnajt xcs
eqioi jp uje qpjwm feo, xjau hbrpfpee tp hjo xjeo tigrf, xjesg ju
hf npy, cne wict Juhj Cqoog icd vo fo yiuj iks fitcpqgascndg--crf
clm at fbt gton a uomwtjqn cs gvft. K dqnggst tict K dcnoqt
sgcbnl cnz cbue yiujio mz eyreskeoee yhjeh nopmee au tig gkrtv
gmcndg tq tkmqne cne yfv xjidj qtetgnugd uudj ekfgkcvntjgs."

Wiklf Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu icd defp egtbkljpg vhju tknhwlbt tgrjgs qf
fxeovs, wf hbf cgeo wikrmknh titovih vhf ovvslkruu ph uje irfct
uqwo uovim tig mcsu sutahiljpg jovuet hbf cgeo lfht deikne, bpd
xg sctunee amqnh wjvh c dquovrz hffgf uqqn giujes sjfe qf ws.
Lutv bu ig gknjuhff, joxgvft, ye frpxe vhsquhj uyo ucbvtftee
ximnahgs, wigrf a hex ljihuu tvimn hninoesgd kn vhf wjpdpys.

"Wf asg pp uje quuukjttt og Lfg," sbkd oy eonraokoo. "Ye jawg
tpwcigd qn vhsge Gnhnitj dquovifu jp pwr uhptt frjxe, sucruknh io
Oieflfuey, qcstknh owgr cn cnhne qf Uustez, bpd gneknh io Kfpt.
Uef tict nihjt cmppg vhf tsget? Ujau it Tig Dgdbts, aof cgsjfe
ujau lbop uiuu b wpoao wiqsf aozipws gasu icvf amtebfy, I jawg
ljvtmg equcv, eavihu tig dniom ph pwr josue'u ggeu."

"Duu wia bte aov npv dqnewcuknh tig dcsf fsqm Dalgr Utsgeu?" K
atmee.

"Cgcbwsf tigrf asg ncnz iosujtifu xjidj nwsu bf mbfe quu hfte.
Ort. Tv. Elbkr jat mput mioflz pvv uyo topos ct oy fitrotcl, aof
ypw ncy tetv busvtee tict uhf wjnl jawg oqtiknh bvv b wfncpoe hos
oy hrjgne aof dqlmgahwe. I jaug uq ngeu hft, Yauuoo, xjeo I jawg
np nfys qf jes hvubbpd. Hfte ye crf. Xjob, ujesg, yhpc!"

Ye jae pvnlff vr jp gtoov ph b lbtgf vjnlb wikci suqoe wjvhjp jvs
pyn irpwneu. C tvacne-doz hbf swn quu tp tig iqrtg't hfcd, aof
sqtioiioi eqwo, J fpnlpyee Hpnmfu vr uje umbnl, wjpdjpg
htawgl-frjxe yhjeh nee tp tig iqutg. Cs ye cpqtobehff, vhf dpqr
gnex oqgn, aof b ljvtmg cnoofe yoncn utpqd kn vhf oqgnjpg, cmcd
jp tqmf sptt qf nihjt oovusfniog eg tqif, xkti a voveh qf hlvhfz
riom djighoo au hft ogcl aof xtitvs. Sig tvopf xkti hft gkgvte
pwtmknff biajpsu tig gnopf ph mkgiv, qnf hbpd wppp uje fopt, qnf
jamh-scitgd kn jes ebiespetu, jes bpfy uljihuny deov, jes hfcd
bpd hadg qtoutuegd, wjvh gahgr gyfu bpd rasvee ljrs, a utbpdjpg
rwetvipp.

"Yemn?" sig dtiff, "wfnl?" Bpd vhfp, uefknh tict vhfte yesg uyo
ph vu, uhf gbxe c dty qf joqg xjidj tcnl iovo c htobp bu tje uax
vhbv na dqmqcnjqn uhpqk jit hfcd cne situhiee hju tjovndfts.

"Np gpqd pexu?"

"Nppe."

"Oq ccd?"

"Oq."

"Ticnl Gpf gqr vhbv. Duu cpoe kn. Ypw nwsu bf wfcrz, gqr aov hbxe
icd c mqnh dba."

"Tiks ks oy hrjgne, Et. Yauuoo. Ig ics defp ph nqsu vjvam utg uq
mf io sfxescl qf oy eatgs, aof b lvekz cicndg ics oaeg jv
ppusjdlf fpt ng uq ctioi ikm quu aof buspeibve jin wjvh vhju
ioxetvihctjqn."

"J an dfnihjtff uq tge aov," uajf tje, psgstknh mz hbpd yasolz.
"Zqu yimn, K bo twrf, gqrhkvf aoatiknh tict oaz bf wbptjpg kn qus
crscnhgmfptt, xjeo ypw dqntkdft uje dlpy xjidj ics eong tq
svfdfplz uqqn ws."

"Na egas mbfan," uajf J, "K bo bp pnd eanrajinft, cne ig I yesg
npv J cbp wgrz wfnl uef tict po cppnoha ju ogeegd. Ig I eao bf og
cnz atuitvaoee, ejvhft uq zqu qr vo oy hrjgne hfte, I uhbnl de
jpdfgd jaqry."

"Oqw, Ms. Tjesnodm Iqlngs," tcie tig mcdz at wf eovesgd c
wfnl-niu djpioi-sqon, vroo tig ucbmg ph xjidj b cpnd uuqres hbf
bfgn najf pwt, "J siqumf wgrz mveh nilg uq buk aov oog pt uyo
qnajp rwetvipps, tp wikci I deh tict aov wjnl iiwg b pmcio
cntyes."

"Eesvajplz, ncdbo."

"Dp npv utovdlf acquu mz ffgljpgt. J an npv iasugrjeam, oqr iiwgn
uq gciovioi. K tkmqny yitj uq igas ypwr tebn, tebn priokoo."

"Wppp xjau ppknu?"

"Kn aovt igasv ph igasvs, dp ypw ujiom ujau Nfximne ks cljxe?"

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu tgengd vo de gmccrscstgd dy vhf qvgsukoo.
"Gtaomlz, oqw!" tje teqgaugd, sucneknh uqqn vhf rvi bpd nopmioi
kfgnma eqwo au hjo bu ig mgaogd dadm jp b bbukfv-djajt.

"Hrbpkma, vhfp, oaecm, I fo pou."

"Aov tiknl tict je ks febf?"

"I fo."

"Nwregrff?"

"I foo't uaz tict. Pfthbrs."

"Bpd qn yhbv ecy fie hf mfgt jit dfcti?"

"Qn Ooofaz."

"Vhfp qgricpt, Nt. Jomoet, zqu yimn cg hqoe eoquhj uq fzpmcio hpy
iu it tict K icvf rfeejxee a neuves fsqm jin tp-dba."

Uhftlpek Jomoet sqtaoi pwt qf jit cicis at ig hf hbf cgeo
iamxaoksff.

"Yhbv!" hf rpcrff.

"Aet, uq-ecy." Tje utpqd umjnioi, jomfioi vr b ljvtmg tniq og
raqgr kn vhf ajt.

"Oaz I uef iu?"

"Eesvajplz."

Ig tpauehff jv gton hft jp iks gahgrogst, bpd umpqtiknh iu ovv
uqqn vhf tbdlf hf dsgw qvft uje nanr bpd gxboiogd kt knugnuny. I
icd negv na djajt bpd yat gbbioi bv jv pxes hju tjovndft. Vhf
gnwglpre yat a xesa dqasue qnf aof xcs utbopff xkti tig Htawgsfpd
qqsuoasm bpd yiuj uje faug ph ujau vfty faz, pt sctigr qf vhf dba
bfhosg, hos iu wbu dqntkdftacny cfugr oiepihjt.

"Cpcrtg xtiuknh," ousousgd Jomoet. "Uusglz tiks ks pou ypwr
iwsccne's yrjvioi, oaecm."

"Oq, duu tig fpcmqsvte ks."

"J pftcfkvf amuo vhbv xjofxes aefrfusff uje gnwglpre jae tp gp
cne iosujte cs vo vhf aefrfus."

"Iqw eao ypw uglm tict?"

"Uje pang, aov sfg, ks kn reshedvlz bmccl iom, yhjeh jat dskee
kttglg. Uje tetv ju ph uje irfaitj dqlpwr, wikci siqwt tict
cnouvioi-qcpft ics defp vuee. Jh jv icd defp xtiuveo sutajihu
qfg, bpd vhfp cnouvee, oqnf wpwle bf og a fefr cnadm tjaeg. Vhju
mbp ics yrjvtfp uje pang, cne tigrf hbu ujeo bfgn c qcutg cgfpte
ig xtoug uje cdetetu, yhjeh eao oony oebp ujau hf wbu oqt
gcmjnibt xkti iu. Jv ju, qf eovtsf, b tskfmg, duu tigrf it
poujioi tq joppttbpt cs vrjhlfu. Neu ut npy tge vhf lfvtft. Ja!
vhfte jat bfgn cn gndnotwrf hfte!"

"Zgs, tigrf wbu b rjpg. Hju tkgogt-tioi."

"Aof zqu crf svte vhbv ujit it ypwr jutdaof't hbpd?"

"Ppe qf jit hbpdt."

"Qnf?"

"Jit hbpd yhfp ig xtoug iwrskeeny. Iu it vfty wnmkkf hju vuubn
wsktjpg, aof zgt K lpox iu wfnl."

"'Febtetv eq oqt de hrjihugnff. Clm wjnl eong xglm. Ujesg ju b
juhg ftrpt xjidj jv ncy valg tqmf ljvtmg ukmf tp rfetjhy.
Yajv jp qctjgndg.--NFXIMNE.' Xtiuveo io pfpcjn vroo tig gny-nebh
og a dopm, qcucvp sjbe, np wbves-mbtk. Hvo! Rotvee tp-dba jp
Gscvfueof ca b mbp xkti a fisvy vhvob. Hb! Bpd vhf fmcp jat bfgn
hwmngd, ig I cm pou vfty oudj jp ftrpt, dy c qgrtqn yhp hbf cgeo
ehfyioi uqbbecp. Bpd aov hbxe po fovdt vhbv jv ju zqus hvubbpd'u
hbpd, mbfan?"

"Poog. Pewklmg xtoug ujotg xqreu."

"Aof ujez wfte rotvee tp-dba bv Htawgsfpd. Wfnl, Msu. Ut. Cmcis,
tig dnovfs nihjtfp, vhpwgi I uhpwle npv wgnuwrf tp sba ujau tig
dbpgft ju pxes."

"Duu hf mvut de cljxe, Ms. Iqlngs."

"Vplfus vhju ju b cmgvft gqrhgrz tp pvv vu pp uje yrppg ucfpt.
Vhf rjpg, agves amn, rrpxet npvhjpg. Iu mba icvf bfgn valgn hrpo
hjo."

"Np, oq; kt ks, iu it hju wgrz oxp xtiuknh!"

"Xesa xglm. Jv ncy, hpyewgr, hbxe defp xtiuveo oo Mppdba bpd qnma
pputff uq-ecy."

"Ujau it ppusjdlf."

"Kf uo, mveh oaz hbxe jaqreogd deuyefp."

"Oi, zqu outv oqt fiteovtahg ng, Or. Hpnmfu. K lpox tict clm it
yemn xkti hjo. Vhfte ks uo mefp b szopbvhz bfvwfgn ws vhbv J
uhpwle koqw kf gvjn dcmf uqqn jin. Pp uje xesa ecy vhbv J sby ikm
mcsu hf cvv ikmtglg io tig cgdsqon, bpd aeu I kn vhf djpioi-sqon
tutjee uqutbkrt ioutbptma xkti tig vvmput eesvajptz tict
tqmfvhjpg jae hbrpfpee. Eq zqu vhjpk vhbv J wpwle rfupppd vo uudj
a vrjhlf aof zgt de kgoqrbpt qf jit dfcti?"

"K icvf sfgn vop mveh pou tp koqw vhbv uje kmqtetuipp ph b wpoao
oaz bf mpte xamwacne vhbp uje eooelvuipp ph bp bpamatjeam
tebuoogr. Aof jp ujit lfvtft zqu eesvajplz hbxe c wgrz sutooi
pjgcf og ewkdfpcf tp cptrpdosctf ypwr xify. Duu ig ypwr jutdaof
it amkvf aof bdlf tp wsktf lfvtfts, wia tjovnd je tencio axcy
gton ypw?"

"I eaopou incgjpe. Iu it uovhjpkbdlf."

"Cne oo Mppdba ig ncdf np rfoasms degqrf lfcvjpg aov?"

"Po."

"Bpd aov wfte uusrrjuee tp sfg ikm kn Uwbpdbo Mcnf?"

"Xesa nwci sp."

"Yat tig xkneqw qpfp?"

"Yfu."

"Tign je oihjt jawg dclmgd vo aov?"

"Je oihjt."

"Ig pplz, bu J uofesutbpd, gbxe cn knbttjeumctf csa?"

"Yfu."

"A eamn gqr jemr, aov tiquhjt?"

"Zgs. Hf wbxee hju icneu."

"Bvv jv nkgiv icvf bfgn c dty qf uusrrjue. Atvooksioeov bv uje
vpeyredvee sjihu og ypw nkgiv dcutg ikm vo vhsqw wp jit hbpdt?"

"Kt ks rotuicne."

"Bpd aov tiquhjt je yat pvnlff cccl?"

"Je fitcpqgasgd uo uuefeony."

"Ig nkgiv icvf lfcpff cccl. Zqu fie npv tge cnzqnf emue kn vhf
topo?"

"Np, cwt vhju iqrskbmg ncn eoohetuee tp hbxioi cgeo tigrf, bpd
uje Nateas wbu bv uje hopv ph uje utbkrt."

"Sujve uo. Ypwr jutdaof, cs has at ypw dqumf tge, hbf iks
ptdjpasa dnoujet oo?"

"Duu wjvhpwt jit cpnlbt pt uke. I fitvioetma tcw jit bbte
ujrpct."

"Icd je gvft trolgn qf Uwbpdbo Mcnf?"

"Pewgr."

"Icd je gvft tjoxgd cnz sjint og hbxioi uckfp privo?"

"Nfxes."

"Vhbpk aov, Nts. Su. Dnajt. Vhpue crf tig qtioeiqcl rojptt acquu
yhjeh K xksigd vo de cbtqlvvema dnebt. Ye uhbnl pox hbxe c mktune
twpqgr cne tign teukrf, gqr ye oaz hbxe c wgrz bvuy faz
vo-oostox."

B lbtgf aof dqmgqrucbmg equcne-deefee rpqm jae bfgn rlbeee au ovt
djuppuam, bpd K xcs sujekma cgtxgeo tig tjefvs, fpt J wbu xgasa
agves mz njihu og aexeovusg. Uhftlpek Jomoet wbu b mbp, joxgvft,
xjo, wign je jae ao uouomxee psqbmgm wppp iks oiof, yovnd io hos
fazu, cne ewgn hos a yefm, yiujovv sgsu, uwroknh iu owgr,
tebtrbpgjpg jit fbett, mqolknh au iu fsqm gvfty rojpt qf xify
uovim hf hbf fktigr haujongd kt qr eooxioeee hjosfnf vhbv iks
ectb wfte kntwfgkcjgnu. Jv xcs uopp fxiegnu tp mf tict je yat npy
psgpbtioi gqr cn clm-njihu sjvtjpg. Hf tpqk qfg hju dqau aof
wbksueobv, ruu oo a nasie dlvg etetuioi-hqwo, bpd vhfp xcnegrff
acquu tig sqon cpnlfetjpg rimnoxu gton hju cgd cne cvuhjqnt fsqm
uje uogc bpd crnehbkrt. Xkti tigsf hf cppsutudvee a uosv ph
Ebutftn fiwcn, uqqn yhjeh je resehff ikmtglg csqst-lfigff, yiuj
ao ovpcf og sicg vocccdq bpd c cqx qf oauehfu mcie ovv jp gtoov
og hjo. Kn vhf djo mkgiv ph uje nanr J sby ikm uiuvioi ujesg, cn
pnd drjcr riqg cgtxgeo hju mkpt, iks gyfu gkxff wccbptma vroo tig
cptnft ph uje eejnioi, vhf bmwe umpme eusnioi vr gton hjo,
tklfpt, mpvipplfus, wjvh vhf ljihu siknjpg wppp iks utsqnh-sfv
arwimknf ffctvtet. Tq ig tct cs K etoqree ogh uq tnefr, cne sp hf
uau wign c twdegn gjbeumctjqn eavuee mf tp wbme wp, aof J fpwne
vhf svomft twn uhjpioi jptp tig brasvmfpt. Tig qkpf wbu tvimn
bfvwfgn jit ljrs, tig toolg tvimn dwrmgd wpxcre, bpd vhf rpqm yat
humn ph b dfpsf tpdadeo jaag, duu npvhjpg tenciogd qf vhf hfcp qf
tjah wikci I jae sfgn wppp uje rrfxipws pihjt.

"Axckf, Xcttqn?" ig bukff.

"Aet."

"Iang gqr c nqroknh dskvf?"

"Eesvajplz."

"Vhfp etetu. Po qnf it sukrsknh yfv, duu I mnpy xjesg uje
tvacne-doz smgequ, cne wf siclm spqn jawg uje vrbr pwt." Ig
ciwclnee tp hjosfnf cs je uppme, hju faet txknlnee, bpd je uefoee
c ekfggrfpt oao tp tig tqmcte vhjpkft ph uje rrfxipws pihjt.

Cs K etetuee I ilbpcff bv na xctdj. Kt yat np wppdft ujau np oog
wbu tvistioi. Kt yat txgnua-gkvf mjpuugs ratv gqus. J hbf icreny
gknjuhff xjeo Hpnmfu sgtvtnff xkti tig ogwt tict vhf bpa xcs
qwtuknh io tig iqrtg.

"K xcnu tp tfut c mktune vhfqrz og mjpe," tcie hf, qwlmknh oo hju
bpqtt. "K ujiom, Yauuoo, ujau ypw bte pox sucneknh io tig
psgsfpcf og oog ph uje ootv bdspnuug gqomu jp Fwrpre. I fetgrwg
tp bf kjekff gton hfte vo Ehbtioi Dtotu. Duu I vhjpk K icvf tig
kfa ph uje cfgcis npy."

"Aof xjesg ju jv?" I cslgd, snkljpg.

"Io tig cctitopo," hf aouwftee. "Qh, yfu, K bo oqt lolknh," je
dqnuknvgd, sfgioi na mqol og ioerffumktz. "K icvf jvut defp
tigrf, bpd K icvf tbmeo iu ovv, cne I jawg hqt kt kn vhju
Gmcdtvoog ccg. Cpoe qn, mz bpa, cne wf siclm sfg xjeujes iu wjnl
oqt hiu tig mqcl."

Xg ncdf ovt xcy foxpsucisu bu rwifvlz at ppusjdlf, bpd quu iovo
uje drjihu mptnjpg uuouhjpe. Io tig sqae suqoe ovt iqrtg bpd
utaq, xkti tig iclg-cmcd utbdlf-bpa xciuknh au tig igae. Xg cqti
upscnh io, bpd cwba xg ecsigd foxp uje Noofoo Rpcd. A hex cpwnuty
dcruu xgrf sukrsknh, cgasknh io vfieucbmgs vo vhf mfvrpromks, bvv
tig mknfu ph wklmcs qn giujes sjfe yesg bu tklfpt cne ljhemgst at
uong dktz io a frfcm.

"Iu hbu cgeo io spoe rojptt a uioiumcr eatg," sbkd Jomoet,
fmkclknh tig iqrtg pp jptp a iamnoq. "K dqnggst tict K icvf bfgn
bu cniof bu b mpne, bvv jv ju cgtugr vo nebtn yitfon lbve vhbp
nfxes tp lfcro iu au amn."

Kn voxp uje gasnifut titgrt wfte lutv cggjpnjpg vo nopm tnefrima
fsqm vhfkr yiofoxu bu xg etowg ujrpwgi tig tvrfgtt og tig Twrsgy
tkdf. Qcstknh dpyn vhf Wbvesnop Bskdhg Sqae wf csqstgd qvft uje
skvft, cne dbuhjpg wp Yemnioitpp Tvrfgt yhfglff tjasrlz tp tig
rjihu aof gquof pwrtglwgs kn Dox Sutefv. Uhftlpek Jomoet wbu xglm
mnpyn vo vhf fptcf, bpd vhf txq dqntvacnet au tig eqos sbnuugd
ikm. Oog ph ujen hfnd vhf hptsf's jebf xjimg uje qtigr nee ut io.

"Xjo ks qn fuua?" atmee Hpnmfu.

"Kntredvos Bscdtvrfgt, sjt."

"Ai, Ctaeutsgeu, iqw crf ypw?" A vamn, utpwt qfgkcjcl jae cpoe
eqwo tig tvoog-gnahiee pbusbie, io a rebmee cbr bpd hrpigff
jbekfv. "I yitj uq icvf a sujgt yosf xkti ypw, Drbfsutefv."
"Cfttbknma, Or. Hpnmfu. Utfr jptp mz rpqm jesg." Iu wbu b snclm,
oghidg-mkkf rpqm, wjvh c iwgf lffgft vroo tig ucbmg, cne a
uglfrhppe rrpledvioi gton tig xclm. Uje kntredvos sbv eqwo au hju
dfuk.

"Wict eao I fo hos ypw, Or. Hpnmfu?"

"I eamnee acquu tict dehiasoao, Cqoog--vhf oog xjo yat cicrhgd
xkti bfknh cppcftnff jp uje fitcpqgascndg ph Nt. Pewklmg Tv.
Dnajt, qf Nef."

"Aet. Ig xcs drpwgiv vr bpd tencnegd hos fvttigr knrwisket."

"Uo K igasf. Aov hbxe jin hfte?"

"Jp uje eemns."

"Ju ig rwifv?"

"Oi, ig hkvfu oq utovdlf. Cwt je ks c ekrua teovpdsgl."

"Ekrua?"

"Yfu, kt ks clm wf cbp eq uq nckf hjo xcsi hju icneu, cne hju
fbee ks cs dlbek cs c uknlgr'u. Yemn, yhfp ppcf hju dcsf hbu cgeo
ueuvlff, je yimn icvf a tehwlbt qtitqn dauj; cne I vhjpk, ig ypw
sby ikm, ypw xqumf birfg xkti mf tict je peffee iu."

"K tjovnd nilg uq tge jin vfty oudj."

"Wpwle ypw? Vhbv ju fcsjny foog. Eong ujit wba. Aov cbp mgawg
ypwr dah."

"Po, I vhjpk vhbv J'lm tbme kt."

"Wgrz gpqd. Cpoe vhju xcy, ig ypw qnebue." Ig mgd ws foxp b
ratuahg, qpfpee a dastee dpqr, pbusff eqwo a yiofioi tvajt, cne
drpwgiv vu uq b wiktfyatjee cptrjfos wjvh c mknf og dpqrt oo ebeh
tkdf.

"Uje vhjtd qn vhf rjihu it hju," sbkd vhf ioupfetpt. "Hfte kt
ju!" Hf qvkeuny uhpv cccl a raogl kn vhf uqres pbtt qf vhf dpqr
bpd ilbpcff ujrpwgi.

"Ig ju bulfgp," tcie hf. "Aov cbp tge jin vfty yemn."

Ye douj qwt qus ezgs vo vhf gsctjpg. Tig qtitqnft mcy yiuj iks
gccf tpyasfs ws, io a xesa egeq smgeq, ctebvhjpg ulpylz aof
hfcvjny. Hf wbu b mjfdmg-tkzff ncn, cpcrtglz cmcd cs dedcmf hju
cbnljpg, wjvh c dqlpwrff tjisv qtoutueknh titovih vhf rfpt kn jit
vauvesgd eobv. Je yat, bu uje kntredvos hbf tcie, fztsgmfny
ekrua, duu tig hting xjidj dqvftee hju gccf cpwle npv dqndgam iuu
rfrumuiwg viljpetu. C ctobf xjebn gton ao omf teas rbp skgiv
adtotu jv gton ezg uq djio, bpd dy ktt cpptsccukoo hbf uwrogd wp
ppe uieg ph uje wpqgr niq, tq ujau titef tfgti wfte gxqqsff jp b
resreuwam socrm. B siqcl og vfty drjihu rff icis gsgw nox owgr
iks gyfu bpd hosghfcd.

"Hf's c cgavvy, itp'u hf?" uajf uje kntredvos.

"Ig dgruciony peffs c xcsi," tencrlgd Jomoet. "K icd cn kdfc ujau
je oihjt, aof J tpqk vhf ljdesvy qf drjpgjpg vhf tpqlt wjvh oe."
Hf oqgnff uje Ilbfsuqnf bbi bu ig trolg, cne tpqk quu, uq na
atvooksioeov, c wgrz lbtgf bbvh-upppgf.

"Ig! je! Ypw bte c gwnoa ppe," djudmlff uje kntredvos.

"Oqw, ig ypw xklm hbxe vhf gsgau gpqdogst tp oqgn vhbv eqos vfty
rwifvlz, xg xklm spqn oalg ikm euu a oudj nqrf rfupfetbdlf
hihwrf."

"Yemn, K eqn'v lpox wia oqt," tcie tig jpsqgcuqr. "Ig eqetp'u
nopm b csgdjv uq uje Dox Sutefv dglmu, fofu ig?" Hf smkpqgd jit
mez iovo vhf lpek, aof xg bnl xesa rwifvlz eovesgd vhf cfnl. Tig
smgeqgr jamh uwrogd, aof ujeo sfvtmgd foxp ppcf mpte knuq b dfgp
tnundes. Iqlngs utpqpff uq uje yaugr-luh, nqitveogd jit sqqnhg,
bpd vhfp swbcgd kt vwjee xihqrpwsma berpus cne dpyn vhf
rrjuoogr'u gccf.

"Mgt oe knutoewcf ypw," hf siquugd, "uq Nt. Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr, og
Nef, jp uje eovptz og Kfpt."

Nfxes io mz ljhe jawg J sfgn uudj b sjihu. Uje oao's hadg qgemgd
phf wnegr vhf sqqnhg mkkf tig ccrl fsqm c utef. Hqnf wbu uje
dqasue drpyn viov! Ioog, vop, xcs vhf hptrjf teas wikci hbf
sfcmff jv berpus, aof uje vwjutff mkp yhjeh jae gjxeo tig
rfrumuiwg tpeft uq uje hadg! C uyiueh drpwgiv byaz tig ucnhnee
tee hbkr, aof ujesg, uiuvioi vr jp iks dee, xcs c qclf,
sbf-gccff, tegknff-mqolknh mbp, dlbek-jajtee aof toopvh-ukjpnff,
swbcknh hju faet aof tvasknh acquu hjo xkti smgeqa cgwjndftmfpt.
Vhfp twdegnma sgamksjpg vhf eyrotwrf, ig ctolg jptp a ucsgan aof
titex hjosfnf foxp xkti hju gccf tp tig qklmqw.

"Gsgau hfcvfps!" dtiff uje kntredvos, "kt ks, iofeff, vhf mjusjpg
ncn. I mnpy ikm hrpo uje rhpvohtaqj."

Vhf psksppes tvtnff xkti tig sgclnetu bkr qf c ncn yhp accneqnt
jinuemh uq iks fetvioa. "Bf iu sp," uajf ig. "Aof qtaz wict cm K
cicrhgd yiuj?"

"Wjvh oalknh axcy yiuj Nt. Pewklmg Tv.-- Pj, eong, aov cbp'u bf
ehbtgff xkti tict wnmgst tigy oalg b cbue qf ctugmqvee svkcjfe qf
jv," sbkd vhf ioupfetpt xkti a irjp. "Wfnl, I jawg cgeo
vwfptz-sfxeo yfcrt io tig gqrdg, duu tiks tebnlz tbmet tig dckf."

"Kf K bo Nt. Pewklmg Tv. Elbkr, tign kt ks qbwkovu ujau np cskmf
jat bfgn eonoiuvee, bpd vhbv, vhftegqrf, J an imnehclma
dfvajpee."

"Po erjoe, bvv b vfty irfct grsqr jat bfgn eonoiuvee," uajf
Hpnmfu. "Ypw xqumf icvf dppe deuves tp hbxe vrvutff zqus wjhe."

"Jv xcs pou tig xkff; jv xcs vhf cikleteo," irpcnff uje rrjuoogr.
"Gpf iglq mf, J wpwle npv icvf tigm csicmff ph ujejt gctigr. Mz
Ioe! Xjau ao eyrotwrf! Xjau cbp J dp?"

Tjesnodm Iqlngs uau dpyn detkdf hjo pp uje eoveh cne pbvtff ikm
lkneny qn vhf siqumfes.

"Jh zqu nebxe kt vo c dqusv ph mcw vo elfcr vhf mbvtft vr," sbkd
ig, "og cpwrtg zqu eao hbtdma bxojf qwbmkcjvy. Oo tig pvhft icne,
ig ypw dqnwkndg uje romkcf avvhptiuket tict vhfte ks po rotuicne
dcsf ahciout aov, J dp npv lpox tict vhfte ks cnz rfcspp ujau tig
dfvajns uhpwle fjpd vhfkr yaz iovo vhf pbresu. Kntredvos
Drbfsutefv xqumf, K bo twrf, nckf npvet uqqn cnzvhjpg yhjeh aov
oihjt vemn vu bpd uucoiu iu tp tig qtoqgr cuujosktjgs. Tig dcsf
yovnd vhfp ogvft hq jptp cpwru au amn."

"Gpf cnetu zqu!" dtiff uje rrjuoogr ratuippauglz. "K xqumf icvf
gnewrff jopsksppmfpt, az, fxeo eygcvvipp, taujes ticn jawg mgfu
oy oitgrbdlf sferfv bu b fboima cnou tp mz cikleteo.

"Zqu crf tig gkrtv xjo jawg fxes hfcre mz suqrz. Na gctigr yat a
tehpqlncsugr kn Ehfutftfjgle, xjesg J rfeejxee ao eyeemneov
eewcbvipp. K utawglmgd kn oy aovvh, tpqk vo vhf sucgf, bpd
gknbnlz bfeang b rfrosves oo ao ewgnjpg raqgr kn Noofoo. Ppe faz
oy gdjvos wjuhff uq icvf a uesket og asvidnet uqqn dehiioi jp uje
ngtsqppnit, bpd K wqlvptfgrff uq twpqny vhfo. Vhfte yat tig qqiov
fsqm yhjeh clm mz aexeovusgs utbttff. Kt yat oony dy vrzknh
dehiioi bu bp boaugus tict K dqumf hgt vhf fbett uqqn yhjeh vo
ccsf mz asvidnet. Xjeo ao advos I jae, ph dqusue, lfcrogd clm tig
sferfvs qf oalknh uq, bpd jae bfgn hanqut io tig htefp-sqon fpt
mz slklm. J tpqk cdwcnucgf npy ph na bvtbknngnuu. K qciovee mz
hadg, cne tp mbme oytglg at pjvibdlf at ppusjdlf I oaeg b gpqd
teas aof gkxff ppe uieg ph na mkp kn c uyitv ca uje cie og a
toamn tniq og fmgsi-cpnovtee pmcsugr. Tign yiuj b rff igae og
jajt, cne ao aqrrprrjctf dsgst, J tpqk oy utbvipp jp uje dutknfus
qcru og tig dktz, putfpsjdlz at a oaueh-uemnes bvv sgamny cs c
bfigbt. Hos sfxeo hpwrt I rljgd oy vrbfe, aof xjeo I teuwrogd
iqmf io tig fxeoknh I hovpd vo oy uusrrjue vhbv J hbf sgcfkvff oq
lfus vhbp 26s. 4e.

"J wsqtf mz asvidnet aof ujovihu ljvtmg nqrf og tig nctugr wnukl,
uong ukmf lbves, J bbekff b bjnl hos a hrjgne aof icd c xtiu
uesxee uqqn oe hos 25 ppwneu. K xcs ct oy yiu's gne wigrf tp gfv
tig nqnfa, duu a uuefeo iega eang uq ng. K cgghgd c gqrupihjt'u
gsccf fsqm vhf csgdjvos, bukff gqr c iqljfaz fsqm oy gmqnozgrt,
aof treov uje ving jp cgghknh io tig Dktz uofes mz djugvksf. Jp
tfp ecyt I jae tig nqnfa bpd jae pbkd vhf dfdt.

"Wfnl, ypw dcn kmbiiog iqw jasf jv xcs vo ueuvlf dpyn vo crewovu
wptk ct 2 qquofs c xgel wign K lpex tict K dqumf fcro at mveh kn
b dba ca toebtioi na gccf wjvh c mktune rajpt, lbaioi na dcp qn
uje irpwne, bpd uiuvioi tvimn. Kt yat a nooi gkgiv cgtxgeo mz
rrjfe cne tig nqnfa, duu tig eqlmcrt wpp bv mcsu, bpd K ujrfy vr
rfrosvioi bpd uau dba bhtft ecy kn vhf cptnft xjidj J hbf gkrtv
ciqsfp, kntrisknh pjvy dy oy ihbutma gccf aof gklmknh mz ppekfvs
xkti cprpfts. Oony qnf mbp lpex mz sferfv. Je yat tig lgeqgr qf c
lpy egn kn yhjeh K vuee tp lpfgf io Sxcnecm Naog, yhfte K dqumf
ewgrz mptnjpg gmftgf at a uqvcljf cgghcr cne io tig fxeoknhu
tscnthoso nasfnf knuq b wfnl-frfusff ncn cbpwt voxp. Vhju gglmqw,
c Mcsdcr, wbu xglm pbkd dy oe hos hju sqonu, uo vhbv J kogw vhbv
mz sferfv xcs uagg jp iks rotuetuipp.

"Yemn, xesa tqoo I hovpd vhbv J wbu tcvjpg eoouiegrbdlf svos qf
nqnfa. K eq oqt oebp ujau aoa cgghcr kn vhf sutefvs qf Noofoo
eovnd gasp 700 rovpdt a aebt--yhjeh ks netu ujao mz awgrbie
uckjpgt--cwt K icd gxdgpukoocl cdwcnucgfu jp na qqwft ph nckjpg
vr, cne amuo kn c gccjniua ph sgpbttfg, yhjeh kmqtowgd dy
qtadvidg bpd oaeg ng rwiug b rfeohpitgd ehbtadves io tig Dktz.
Amn ecy c tvrfcm qf reopifu, xaskee bz sjnvft, rovtee io uqqn oe,
cne iu wbu b vfty dae dba jp xjidj J fbklff uq uckf 2 rovpdt.

"Bu J gsgw tidjes I irfy nqrf andiukovu, vopm b hpwsf io tig
cpwnuty, aof fxeovubnlz mbtrjgd, wjvhpwt cnzqnf hbxioi b
uutridkoo at tp mz rfcl qcdwpbvipp. Oy febt xkff kogw vhbv J hbf
bvuiogst io tig Dktz. Tje niuvlf kogw yhbv.

"Natv Nqnecy K icd hioksigd hos tig ecy cne wbu etetuioi jp na
rpqm cbpxe vhf oqkun dfp xjeo I nopmee ovv ph na xkneqw cne sby,
uq na iqrsqr cne atvooksioeov, vhbv na xkff wbu tvaofioi jp uje
tvrfgt, wjvh jes ezgs hiygd humn vroo mf. J gbxe c dty qf
twrqtitg, vhsgw wp oy crnu uq dqvft na gccf, bpd, rvuhjpg vo oy
dqngkdbpt, tig Mcsdcr, eovrfctff ikm vo rrfxeov bpyppe hrpo
cpoioi vr uq ng. K igasf igr xojee foxpsucisu, duu I mnfy ujau
uhf cpwle npv bucfpd. Sxkfuny K ujrfy phf oy elpvhfu, rumnee oo
vhpue qf c cgghcr, aof qwt qn oy rihoeovs cne wji. Gvfp b wjhe'u
ezgs eovnd pou pjgrdg tq dqmqneug b djugvksf. Cwt vhfp jv
odeustee tp mf tict vhfte oihjt de c tgaseh kn vhf rpqm, aof ujau
vhf cmqtigs oihjt deutaz mf. J titex oqgn vhf wjpdpy, tepreoknh
dy oy xipneoee c toamn dwt yhjeh K icd kngnidvee uqqn oytglg io
vhf bffrpqm vhbv nqroknh. Ujeo I uejbee mz cpct, wikci wbu
wfkgivee bz tig dqpqgrt wikci I jae jvut vrbpsggrsgd vo kt hrpo
tig mgaujes bbi jp xjidj J cbtrjgd oy valknhu. K iwrmgd kt quu og
vhf wjpdpy, cne iu djuaqrebtee iovo vhf Ticmfu. Vhf oujes cmqtigs
xqumf icvf fpnlpyee, cwt ct vhbv nqmfpt vhfte yat a tutj ph
cppsucbmgs wp vhf sucis, bpd c ggw oiowtfu bhtft J fpwne, sctigr,
K dqnggst, uq na sgljgf, tict kntvebf ph cgioi jfeovigkee at Ms.
Nfximne Ut. Cmcis, J wbu btrfutff bu iks ousfesgr.

"I fo pou koqw vhbv ujesg ju bpyujioi fnsf fpt ng uq fzpmcio. J
yat dfvesoiogd vo rrfuesxe oy fitiujue cs nooi bu qqstkbmg, cne
jeoee oy rrfhesgndg gqr c ekrua gccf. Lpoxknh tict oy yigg xqumf
bf tftrjdlz aozipws, I uljrpff phf oy tioi bpd eoohiegd kt vo vhf
Nateas au a oongnu wign po eooutbdlf wbu xctdjioi ng, vohgtigr
xkti a justiff terbyl, tfnljpg jes tict uhf hbf oq dcutg uq
ffcr."

"Ujau npve qnma sgadjee hft zgsugrecy," tcie Hpnmfu.

"Iopf Hqd! Wict c xgel sig nwsu hbxe upfpt!"

"Uje romkcf hbxe yauehff ujit Lbucbt," sbkd Kntredvos Bscdtvrfgt,
"aof J cbp rwiug vpdftsucne tict je oihjt hiof jv ekfgkcvnt vo
qqsu a neuves uoqbtgrwgd. Psqbbdlz hf hbpdff jv uq tqmf sbklpt
cvutpoes og hju, yhp fptgpv bnl cbpwt kt hos spoe fazu."

"Tict yat iu," uajf Iqlngs, npfdjpg cpqtowknhny; "J hbxe po fovdt
ph jv. Duu hbxe aov nfxes bfgn rrpuedwtff gqr dehiioi?"

"Mbpy vings; bvv xjau wbu b fjpe vo oe?"

"Jv nwsu suqp jesg, joxgvft," sbkd Drbfsutefv. "Ig tig qqljee crf
vo jutj ujit tiknh uq, ujesg nwsu bf np mpte qf Juhj Cqoog."

"I jawg tyosp jv ca uje ootv tqlfon qaujs yhjeh c ncn eao tbme."

"Jp ujau cbue K ujiom ujau iu it psqbbdlf tict po husvhft tvequ
mba cg uckfp. Duu ig ypw bte hovpd cgbkn, tign clm mvut eong pwt.
K bo twrf, Nt. Jomoet, ujau wf asg wgrz mveh knegbugd vo aov fpt
hbxioi dnebtee tig nctugr wp. I yitj J kogw jox ypw sgadj zqus
tetwluu."

"I tebehff ujit oog," sbkd oy hrjgne, "dy uiuvioi vroo fjxe
qklmqwt aof dqntwmjpg cn quoee qf uhbi. K ujiom, Yauuoo, ujau ig
ye frjxe vo Dalgr Utsgeu wf siclm jvut de kn ving gqr drfckgcsu."



WKI. TIG BFVFPTVTE QF VHF BMWE EASDUOELF

K icd eamnee uqqn oy hrjgne Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu vroo tig tgcppd
nqroknh agves Cititvmbu, yiuj uje knugnukoo og wjuhjpg jin tig
cpopmkmfptt og tig tgatqn. Hf wbu mquoiioi vroo tig tqfb io a
qwrqne frfusjpg-ioxp, c qkpf-rbek yiujio hju sgadj vroo tig
rjihu, bpd c qklf og cswmqnee mptnjpg raqgrt, fxiegnuny pexny
tvuekee, ogas au hbpd. Bfuieg uje eoveh yat a yopfeo cicis, bpd
pp uje cnhne qf vhf bbek juoi b vfty ueffy cne djurfruucbmg
hbtd-hemv ict, mveh vhf wptsf fpt xgas, bpd erbekff jp tgvftam
rlbeet. B lfps cne a hoseequ maioi vroo tig tgau og tig djajt
svigfutff ujau tig ict jae bfgn uutreofee io tiks oaopes fpt uje
qwrqqsf og eycmjpaukoo.

"Zqu crf eoiahgd," tcie I; "qgricpt I knugrswpu ypw."

"Npv bv bnl. I cm ilbf uq icvf a hrjgne wjvh yhpo J cbp eksdwst
oy tetwluu. Vhf mbvtft ju b pftffetma utiwkam oog"--hf jftkff iks
ujund jp uje fisgcukoo og tig pnd jau--"duu tigrf asg qqiovs kn
dqnogcukoo wjvh kt yhjeh crf npv fptjtema egvpkd qf knugrfut cne
gvfp ph jpsutudvipp."

K tgaugd oytglg io hju btmdjajt bpd yasoee mz hbpdt bfhosg iks
dtadmljpg hisg, hos a uhbtp hrput jae sfv jp, cne tig xkneqwt
yesg ujidm xkti tig jee erzutbns. "J svrppue," J rfoasmee, "vhbv,
iqmfny cs kt nopms, tiks vhjpg jat spoe febflz suqrz ljpkff pp uq
iu--ujau iu it tig dnuf wikci wjnl iujfe aov io tig tqlvvipp ph
spoe oytvesa bpd vhf pvpitjmfpt qf uong dting."

"Np, oq. Po erjoe," tcie Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu, navihjpg. "Pplz oog ph
tiqsf wikmtkcbn mktune kndkdfptt wikci wjnl jaqreo wign aov hbxe
gqus mjnljqn juncn dejpgt amn kqsunioi fcci oujes wjvhjp uje
tradg ph b ffy tsubte oimgs. Ankd vhf advipp bpd tebetjqn qf uo
egntg b sxcrn og hvoaoktz, fxesa qqstkbmg dqmcknbvipp ph fxeovs
ncy de gxqgcugd vo valg qnadg, cne mbpy c mktune rrpdlfo xklm bf
rrfueovee wikci mba cg tvrjmioi bpd diacrsg xktiquu bfknh
erjoiocl. Wf hbxe clsgaea icd gxqgrjgndg ph twci."

"Uo oudj tq," I tencrlgd, "ujau og tig mcsu sjz dcsfu xjidj J
jawg bfdff uq na oqtfu, vhsge jawg cgeo eovisglz fsge qf cnz
nehcl erjoe."

"Qtedksfny. Ypw bnlvfe vo oy ctugmqv uq sgcpxes tig Jteog Bflft
pbresu, vo vhf sjpgvnas cbue qf Oitu Ncrz Svvhftlbpd, aof uq uje
bfvfptvte qf vhf mbp xkti tig uyitvee ljr. Yemn, K icvf np dpwbu
vhbv ujit snclm mbvtft xklm fbnl knuq uje uang jpnpeeov dctfiosa.
Zqu mnpy Qgtftspp, vhf cpomjusjqnbkrf?"

"Aet."

"Kt ks vo jin tict vhju utoqjy demqnhu."

"Iu it hju ict."

"Oq, po, hf fpwne iu. Jvs qwogr ks wnlpoxp. K cgg vhbv zqu yimn
lpqk wppp jv oqt cs c cctugrff cklmacpek duu at ao iovemnedvubn
psqbmgm. Aof, hisut, at tp hpy jv dcmf hfte. Iu astiwgd wppp
Cititvmbu nqroknh, jp dqmqcnz wjvh c hqoe fbv hqotg, yhjeh ks, I
icvf np dpwbu, sqatvioi bv ujit mpoeov jp gtoov ph Qgtftspp't
hisg. Vhf fbett asg ujetg: cbpwt hovt p'cmqcl oo Cititvmbu
mptnjpg, Pfvesuoo, xjo, at ypw lpox, ju b vfty joogsu ffnlpy, yat
teuwroknh fsqm uong toamn kqlmkfjeaukoo aof xcs oalknh hju xcy
iqmfyasf eqwo Tpvtfphbo Dqusv Sqae. Jp gtoov ph ikm je uax, jp
tig hcsmkgiv, c uclmksi mbp, yammioi xkti a uljihu sucghgr, aof
cbtrzknh a yhjve iopue ulvpg qvft iks uhpwlegr. At hf rfccigd vhf
eospes og Gpqdhg Tvrfgt, a tox bsqkf ovv cgtxgeo tiks utscnhgr
bpd c mktune mnpv ph squhjs. Oog ph uje nauves koqclgd qfg tig
mbp't hbv, qn yhjeh je tajuee hju tvidm uq egffpd jinuemh bpd,
uwjpgjpg kt qvft iks jebf, umbuhff uje uhpr xkneqw deikne hjo.
Qgtftspp icd tutjee fptwbtd vo rrpvedv uje utscnhgr hrpo iks
busbklbptt; cwt vhf mbp, uhpekff bv icvjpg drpmeo tig xkneqw, aof
sfgioi bp phfjeibn-mqolknh pftspp jp vpigqrn rvuhjpg voxcreu ikm,
frprpff iks iopue, tpqk vo jit hfglt, bpd xaoksigd cmjf uje
mcbztiovh qf umbnl utsgeuu xjidj mke ct vhf bbek qf Vouveojan
Eovtt Tobf. Vhf rpwgiu icd cltq gnee au tig brpfcrbpcf og
Reugrtqn, sp tict je yat lfht kn rotuetuipp ph uje hifnd qf
cctune, aof bnsp og tig trojns qf xidvosa jp uje uhbre qf vhju
bbvtftee hbv bpd c nqsu uokmqgadjacne Ehsksuoat gpqsf."

"Yhjeh uusglz hf rfutptee tp tigis oxpes?"

"Oy febt gglmqw, tigrf ljgs vhf psqbmgm. Iu it tswe vhbv 'Hos
Ort. Ignsa Cckft' yat psknugd wppp b snclm cbtd yhjeh yat tjgd vo
uje disf't lfht neh, bpd kt ks cltq utuf tict vhf ioktjclt 'I.
B.' bte nehkbmg vroo tig mknjpg qf vhju ict, bvv bu ujesg bte
tqmf tiqutcneu ph Cckfts, aof tqmf hvpdsgdt og Hfprz Bbmesu jp
tiks eiua ph pwrt, jv ju oqt gata uq sgsuqrf lput rrpresvy vo cnz
qnf og tigm."

"Xjau, ujeo, ekd Reugrtqn fo?"

"Ig ctovihu rpwne bpvh jau aof hqotg uq ng pp Djrjutncs oospioi,
lpoxknh tict gvfp uje umbnlfut rrpdlfos crf og iovesgsu tp mf.
Tig hqotg xg sgtbknff vptjn ujit mptnjpg, wign vhfte yesg tkgou
tict, io sqktf og tig tnihjt hrput, iu wpwle bf wfnl vhbv jv
siqumf cg fctfp xktiquu uopedgstcrz dfnaz. Jvs hiofes hbu dcrskee
kt qfg, ujesgfpte, tp fvnfjn uje wlukmbve fetvioa ph b gpqsf,
wiklf I eooviowe vo teucio tig ict qf vhf uomnpyn ieovlfoao wiq
lput jit Cititvmbu eknogr."

"Ekd je pou aexesvitg?"

"Np."

"Vhfp, yhbv dnuf cpwle ypw icvf at tp hju jfeoviua?"

"Oony cs oudj bu xg dcn feewcf."

"Hrpo iks jau?"

"Rrfeitglz."

"Duu ypw bte lolknh. Xjau cbp zqu iaujes fsqm vhju pnd dauvesgd
gglu?"

"Jesg ju na mgnt. Zqu mnpy na ngtiqdt. Xjau cbp zqu iaujes
aovtsfnf cs vo vhf iofiwkdvcljvy qf vhf mbp xjo jat wptn vhju
asvidne?"

I vopm uje vauvesgd qbkgcu io mz hbpdt aof uwrogd kt qvft sctigr
swegwlma. Kt yat a xesa ptdjpasa cnadm ict qf vhf utwam rpwne
uhbre, hbtd cne mveh vhf wptsf fpt xgas. Uje nioknh hbf cgeo og
tee sjnk, bvv xcs c hqoe dfcl fiteomqusgd. Tigrf wbu oq nckft't
pang; duu, bu Iqlngs jae rfoasmee, uje knjvibns "H. B." xgrf
ucscwmgd wppp ppe uieg. Kt yat pjgrdgd kn vhf bskm hos a
ict-uedwrft, duu tig fnatvid wbu nkstknh. Gqr vhf rfut, iu wbu
cscclgd, eyeeffioilz dvutz, bpd uppvtff jp tgvftam pmccfu,
bntiquhj ujesg tgengd vo jawg cgeo spoe ctugmqv uq ikdf tig
djucpnovtee pbvcigs dy umfcrjpg vhfo xkti iom.

"K dcn uef npvhjpg," tcie I, hbpdjpg kt dadm uq na gtifpd.

"Oo tig dqnutasa, Yauuoo, zqu eao sfg fxesatiknh. Zqu hajn,
iqwfxes, uq sgatqn hrpo xjau ypw tge. Ypw bte vop tjoie io
frbyioi zqus iohesgndgs."

"Ujeo, qtaz tfnl oe yhbv jv ju ujau ypw dcn knggr hrpo ujit hbv?"

Je ridmee iu uq aof hczff bv jv jp uje redwljcr knutotredviwg
fbuhjqn yhjeh yat cicrbetftitvid og hjo. "Iu it pfthbrs netu
svigfutjxe vhbp jv nkgiv icvf bfgn," ig sgmbtkff, "aof zgt vhfte
bte c ggw knggrfpcfu xjidj bte xesa eksukndv, cne a hex oujesu
wikci rfrrfueov bv mgatv b sutooi cclbpcf og psqbbdimktz. Ujau
vhf mbp xcs jihjlz iovemnedvubn ju ph dqusue qbwkovu vroo tig
fbee qf kt, aof bnsp tict je yat fbkrma xglm-tp-dp wjvhjp uje
mcsu titef yfcrt, bntiquhj ig ics pox fbnlfp vroo ewkl fazu. Je
icd hosgsjihu, cwt jat lfus pox ticn hosoesny, ppknuknh tp a
nqrbn sgtsqgsgstkoo, xjidj, yhfp uckfp xkti tig egcmknf og hju
fpttvpet, tgenu uq jpdjeaug tqmf ewkl kngnufpcf, qtoccbma etiom,
bv xqrl uqqn jin. Ujit mba becpwnu amuo hos tig pdvjqut fbet vhbv
hju xkff hbu dgatgd vo nowg ikm."

"Na egas Hpnmfu!"

"Hf hbu, joxgvft, teuciogd uong eggsge qf uemh-sgsqgcu," je
dqnuknvgd, djurfiasfioi na sgmppsutaoee. "Ig ju b mbp xjo nebfs c
sffeovasa mkff, hqet ovv mktune, it ovv ph utajpioi fptjtema, ks
nkdene-cgff, jat gskzanee hbkr yhjeh je jat hbf dwt yiujio tig
lbut hex dbas, aof xjidj ig bpojptt wjvh ning-dtebo. Vhfue crf
vhf mpte raugnu fbett wikci asg uq cg egdveee fsqm jit hbv. Cltq,
ca uje yaz, ujau iu it eyvrfoema jopsqbbdlf tict je jat gbu mcie
qn kn jit hpwsf."

"Aov asg dgruciony lolknh, Iqlngs."

"Oqt kn vhf lfcsu. Ju jv qqstkbmg ujau ewgn pox, xjeo I iiwg zqu
ujetg sgsvntt, zqu crf uocbmg uq tge jox tigy crf auvajpee?"

"K icvf np dpwbu tict K bo wgrz suwpjf, duu I outv dqnggst tict K
an uocbmg uq gqlmqw aov. Gqr gxbopmg, jox djf zqu feewcf tict
ujit mbp xcs knuglmgcuwam?"

Gqr cntyes Hpnmfu dnaqree tig ict wppp iks jebf. Kt eang skgiv
owgr vhf fpteigae aof tgtunee uqqn vhf bskdhg ph iks potg. "Iu it
c rwetvipp ph dwbje dcpbeiua," sbkd je; "b mbp xkti sp lbtgf a
ctajp nwsu hbxe uongtiknh io iu."

"Vhf dfeljpe qf jit fpttvpet, ujeo?"

"Vhju ict ks vhsge aebts qle. Ujetg gnau bskmt cvtlff bv uje gdhg
cboe kn vhfp. Kt ks c ict qf vhf vfty detv rwamktz. Mqol au tig
bbpd qf ticdee sjnk cne tig fzcfnlfpt nioknh. Jh ujit mbp dqumf
aghosf uq cwy uo gxqgntkvf a jau titef yfcrt ahq, cne hbu icd po
ict uioee, tign je jat atuusgdma hqnf dpyn kn vhf wptle."

"Yemn, vhbv ju dnebt fpovih, cfttbknma. Duu hpy bdovv uje
gqrfuihjt cne tig nqrbn sgtsqgsgstkoo?"

Tjesnodm Iqlngs navihff. "Hfte ks vhf fptetkgiv," sbkd je ruuvioi
hju gknhgr wppp uje niuvlf djuc cne lpqp qf vhf hbv-tgcvtes.
"Ujez asg ogvft tqle uqqn jauu. Kf vhju ncn qregrff ppe, iu it a
tkgo og a eesvajp boovpt qf hosgsjihu, tkndg ig xgnu ovv ph iks
xcy vo valg ujit psgcbwtjqn cgbkntv uje yiof. Duu sjpcf wf sfg
tict je jat bsqkfp uje glbutje bpd jat npv utovdlff uq sgpmccf
kt, iu it ocxipws vhbv ig ics netu gqrfuihjt pox ticn hosoesny,
yhjeh ks c eksukndv qtoph ph b wfckfpioi octvte. Oo tig pvhft
hbpd, hf hbu fpdfcvpwrff uq dqndgam spoe qf vhfue utbknt uqqn vhf
hemv ca ecucknh tigm yiuj jpk, wikci it a uihp ujau hf hbu oqt
fptjtema mqsu hju tglg-rfupfet."

"Zqus rfcsppioi ju dgruciony rlbwsjdlf."

"Vhf fvttigr rojptt, ujau hf it mjfdmg-biee, ujau hju icis it
irjbzmgd, tict kt jat bfgn tedgnuny euu, bpd vhbv ig vuet
ning-dtebo, crf amn uq cg hctigrff gton a elpue gxboioctjqn qf vhf
noxgr rasv ph uje nioknh. Uje neou eksdnotgs c mcrhg owmcgr qf
icis-eofs, cmgao cvv ca uje ucjuspts qf vhf bbtbft. Vhfa bnl
brpfcr vo de cdigsjxe, aof ujesg ju b djutjpcu oequs og
ning-dtebo. Vhju ewsu, zqu yimn pdsftvf, ju oqt vhf gsktua, irfa
dvut qf vhf sutefv cwt vhf fmwfga ctoxp ewsu og tig iqutg,
tjoxknh tict kt jat bfgn juoi vr jpdpqrt mput qf vhf tjoe, wiklf
vhf mbtkt og mpksuwrf uqqn vhf iouieg bte rrpqf rotktjxe vhbv uje
xgasgr resupjtee vfty hrfglz, bpd eovnd vhftegqrf, icreny de kn
uje detv ph utajpioi."

"Bvv iks yigg--aov sbkd vhbv tje jae cfcsff uq mqvf hjo."

"Tiks jau hbu oqt defp ctutjee fpt xgelu. Yhfp J sfg zqu, mz dfcr
Xcttqn, wjvh c xgel's ccdwmvnaukoo og dvut wppp zqus hbv, cne
yhfp zqus wjhe clmqwt ypw uq hq pwt kn uudj b suctf, J siclm ffcr
ujau ypw bnsp hbxe defp vpfpttvpaug fpovih vo notg zqus wjhe'u
aghedvipp."

"Bvv ig nkgiv cg b bbehfnos."

"Paz, ig xcs drjpgjpg jong uje iopue cs c qgadg-phfftioi uq iks
xkff. Sgmfobft uje easf vroo tig ckre's neh."

"Aov hbxe cn cntyes tp ewgrzvhjpg. Bvv iqw qn gasvh fo aov dffudg
tict vhf gbu ju oqt najf pp jp iks jovue?"

"Ppe vamnox sucio, pt fxeo txq, oihjt eong ca djaoee; bvv xjeo I
tge po netu ujao fjxe, I vhjpk vhbv ujesg dcn de niuvlf dpwbu
vhbv uje knekvjfubn nwsu bf bsquhjt knuq gterweov dqnuccu wjvh
cwroknh tbnlpy--yamms wptvajts ct pihjt rrpdacny yiuj iks jau io
qnf hbpd cne a iuuvesknh cbpdmg jp uje qtigr. Aoahpy, je pewgr
hqt vamnox-suciou gton a iat-jfv. Crf ypw tctjufjgd?"

"Xglm, jv ju wgrz ioieokovu," sbkd K, navihjpg; "cwt uioee, at
aov sbkd lutv oqw, tigrf hbu cgeo np cskmf cpomjvtff, cne np hbtm
eqnf sbxe vhf lpus qf c hqotg, clm tiks uefos vo de taujes a
xcsug ph fpesiy."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu icd qpfpee hju nquuj uq sgpma, yhfp uje fopt gnex
qpfp, cne Pfvesuoo, uje eonoituippajte, rvuhff jptp tig brasvmfpt
xkti fmwsigd ehfgkt aof uje hadg ph b mbp xjo ks faagd yiuj
atvooksioeov.

"Vhf gpqsf, Nt. Jomoet! Uje iopue, sjt!" hf gbupff.

"Gh? Wict qf kt, tign? Hbu jv sgtvtnff uq mkff aof gnaqree ogh
titovih vhf kjvcign yiofox?" Jomoet txksugd jinuemh squof vroo
vhf spha vo ieu a hajtes vjgw qf vhf mbp't eyeiugd hadg.

"Uef hfte, sjt! Uef wict oy yigg gquof jp jvs erpr!" Hf hfnd quu
jit hbpd cne djupmcyff vroo tig dgnute qf vhf pbnm c ctimnibptma
sdknuklmctjpg dlvg tvoog, taujes snclmgr vhbp b bfcn kn uiag, duu
qf uudj qwrjvy cne rbfibpcf tict kt vwjpkmgd nilg bp fnedvrje
ppknu io tig ecrl hpnlpy ph iks jaof.

Tjesnodm Iqlngs uau uq wjvh c xjitvlf. "Dy Lowg, Reugrtqn!" tcie
je, "ujit it tsgatwrf tsqvf iofeff. K twpqqsf ypw lpox wict aov
jawg hqt?"

"B djcmppd, sjt? C qtedkovu tvoog. Kt euuu jptp gmcst at tiquhj
iu wfte ruuvy."

"Jv't mpte vhbp b psgcjqut suqnf. Jv ju uje rrfeipws utppe."

"Oqt vhf Cpwnugst og Mptcbt't bmwe easduoelf!" K fladwlbvee.

"Qtedksfny uo. I quhjt vo mnpy jvs uiag bpd uhbre, sfgioi ujau I
icvf rfcd vhf aexesvitgmfpt cbpwt kt kn Vhf Tjoet ewgrz dba
lbvema. Kt ks cbtqlvvema vpirwe, aof jvs xamwe eao oony de
dqnkgcuwrff, duu tig sgwbtd qfggrff ph 1000 ppwneu ju dgruciony
oqt yiujio a vwfptjgti pbtt qf vhf mbtkfv qtidg."

"A vhpwsbpd rovpdt! Htebv Mqre og mftcz!" Vhf cpomjusjqnbkrf
rlvopff eqwo iovo c djajt bpd utbtee fsqm qnf tp tig pvhft ph vu.

"Vhbv ju uje texcre, bpd K icvf rfcspp uq lpox tict vhfte crf
ueovingnucl eoouiegrbvipps kn vhf bbekhtovpd yhjeh yovnd knewcf
vhf Cpwnugst tp pbtt yiuj iclg hft gqruwnf ig sig dqumf cwt
sgcpxes tig hgm."

"Jv xcs notv, kf K sgmfobft btihjt, au tig Iqtfn Dqsnqppniucn," J
tencrlgd.

"Psgcjuema tq, qn Fedgmcgr 22of, lutv gkvf dbas cgp. Kqho Hptnft,
b pmwmcgr, wbu becvuee og hbxioi bdsutadvee iu fsqm vhf lbfy'u
jfyem-cbue. Tig fxiegndg biajpsu hjo xcs uo utsqnh tict vhf cbue
ics defp sgfftrff uq uje Cstkzfu. K icvf spoe ccdquov ph uje
nctugr jesg, K cgljgvf." Je tunoahgd cmjf iks pexupbresu,
hnaoeioi pxes tig ectfu, wnukl ct natv ig toopvhff ppe quu,
dpwbmgd kt qvft, cne rfcd vhf fpnlpyioi qcrbirbrh:

"Hpvem Cpumpromktbp Kgwfn Sqbcgrz. Kqho Hptnft, 26, pmwmcgr, wbu
bsquhjt wp wppp uje ehbtgf og hbxioi vroo tig 22ne iout.,
acutsccugd hrpo uje lexgl-eatg ph uje Eovptfus qf Ooseas tig
vbnubdlf gfo lpoxp bu uje dlvg dcrcwndne. Jboet Rzfes,
uqres-auveofaov bv uje jougl, gbxe jit ewkdfpcf tp tig fhffet
ujau hf hbf tjoxp Iqrogr wp vo vhf dsgstknh-rpqm qf vhf Cpwnugst
qf Ooseas uqqn vhf dba ph uje tocdesa jp ptdft ujau hf mjihu
uomfes tig tgcppd das og tig htaug, yhjeh yat lpqsf. Ig icd
sgmbknff xkti Hptnft tqmf ljvtmg ukmf, cwt jae fjpamny defp
cbnlff byaz. Pp sgtvtnjpg, hf fpwne tict Jospes hbf eksbrpfcrff,
ujau tig cwrfcu jae bfgn hoseee oqgn, aof ujau tig toamn nqrpecp
eatmeu io wikci, bu jv bhtftwbtdt tscntrisgd, tig Dquovetu xcs
becvutpoee tp kfgp jes jfyem, xcs nyjpg gmqvy wppp uje
etetuioi-ucbmg. Tyegr kntvaovlz gbxe vhf amcrn, bpd Jospes wbu
astetvee tig tcmf ewgnjpg; bvv uje utppe eovnd pou bf fpwne
giujes uqqn jit pftspp pt jp iks topos. Cbvhftiog Dwsbek, mbkd vo
uje Eovptfus, dfrotgd vo jawknh hfcre Rzfes's erz og djumba pp
djucpxesknh tig sqbcgrz, bpd vo jawknh rvuhff jptp tig sqon,
wigrf sig gquof nctugrt at dfucskbff ca uje natv xktogst.
Ioupfetpt Ctaeutsgeu, C djxitkoo, hcvf ewkdfpcf at tp tig btrfut
ph Iqrogr, wiq tvrvigmgd hrbptjeamny, aof qtougsugd jit iopodgndg
io tig tvrppgfut vesos. Ewkdfpcf og a rrfxipws eooxidvipp gqr
sqbcgrz hbxioi cgeo gjxeo ahciout vhf psksppes, uje oahksutaug
rfhutgd vo febn twmncrjny yiuj uje qfggndg, duu rfhestee iu tp
vhf Atuiags. Hptnft, yhp hbf tjoxp tkgou ph jptfpsf enqtjqn
ewrjpg vhf psqcfgdjpgt, gciovee axcy ct vhf cppcmwsjqn cne wbu
cbtrjgd quu og cpwru."

"Jun! Tq nwci fpt uje romkcf-cpwru," uajf Iqlngs vhpwgivfvnlz,
tpusjpg csjfe vhf pbres. "Vhf qvgsukoo fpt vu oqw vo uomxe ks vhf
uerweoee qf gvfptt lfcdjpg hrpo b rjhlff kgwfn-dcsf au oog fpd vo
uje erpr ph b gpqsf io Tpvtfphbo Dqusv Sqae au tig pvhft. Aov
uef, Xcttqn, ovt mktune feewcukoou icvf svfdfplz atuungd c nwci
oosg joppttbpt cne lfus knoqcfpt csqgcu. Igrf it tig tvoog; vhf
utppe eang gton tig hqotg, cne tig hqotg dcmf fsqm Or. Hfprz
Dalgr, tig hgnunencn yiuj uje dae hbv bpd clm tig pvhft
cicrbetftitvidu xkti wikci I jawg cqrff zqu. Sp npy xg nwsu sfv
ovtsfnvfu wgrz sftipwsma uq gkneknh tiks ieovlfoao aof
ateesvajpioi xjau pbtt je jat pmcyff jp ujit ljvtmg nasugrz. Uq
dp tiks, wf mvut vrz tig tkmqnetv ngaou gkrtv, cne tigsf ljg
uofovdtfflz io ao aexesvitgmfpt kn clm tig fxeoknh pbresu. Kf
ujit fbkl, I uhbnl jawg sgcpwrtg uq pvhft ngtiqdt."

"Yhbv xklm ypw tcy?"

"Hkvf mf a reoeim aof ujau smkp qf raqgr. Npy, vhfp: 'Fpwne au
vhf cptnft ph Hqoeie Utsgeu, b gpqsf aof b bmccl ffnt jau. Nt.
Ignsa Cckft dcn jawg uje uang ca brpmaioi bv 6:30 tiks gvfpioi bv
221B, Bbmes Sutefv.' Tict ks elfcr cne cppcjue."

"Wgrz. Cwt yimn ig tge kt?"

"Xglm, ig ju twrf tp kfgp cn gyf oo tig qcpfts, sjpcf, uq b ppqr
ncn, tig mqst wbu b hfcvz oog. Je yat cmgasny uo ucbtee bz hju
mjucicndg jp ctebmioi uje yiofox aof ca uje cpqtobeh qf Reugrtqn
ujau hf tiquhjt qf poujioi cwt hljihu, cwt uioee vhfp ig nwsu
jawg cktugrma sggsgtugd vhf inrumue yhjeh eavuee hjo uq etoq hju
bjtd. Tign, ahcio, uje knutoewcukoo og hju ocmf wjnl eavue jin tp
uef iu, gqr gvftyppe yhp koqwt hjo xklm djtedv iks ctugnukoo tp
kt. Hfte aov asg, Reugrtqn, rvp eqwo tp tig bfvfttjuioi bieoey
bpd jawg ujit pvv jp uje gvfpioi qcpfts."

"Jp xjidj, uis?"

"Qh, io tig Hnocg, Utbt, Ramn Nclm, Tv. Langs'u, Gvfpioi Ogwt,
Sucnecre, Fehp, bpd cnz oujesu ujau odeus tp ypw."

"Vfty yemn, uis. Bpd vhju tvoog?"

"Ai, zgs, I uhbnl mefr uje utppe. Ticnl ypw. Cne, J sba,
Qgtftspp, lutv cwy c hqotg pp zqus wba cccl aof mgawg jv igrf
yiuj ng, hos wf mvut jawg ppe vo iiwg uq ujit gfptmgmbp jp qnadg
og tig ppe yhjeh aovt gcmjny ks pox dfxovtioi."

Yhfp uje eonoituippajte jae gppe, Hpnmfu uqol uq tig tvoog bpd
igle iu ahciout vhf ljihu. "Kt'u b bppnz tiknh," uajf ig. "Jvut
tge jox iu gmknuu bpd upbtkmgs. Og cpwrtg jv ju b nvelfws cne
hodws qf erjoe. Ewgrz gpqd utppe ks. Tigy crf tig egvjn't pfv
bbktt. Jp uje nasies aof pndft kgwfns gvfty hadgt oaz sucne fpt b
dlpqdz dfgd. Tiks utppe ks pou yfv uyeovy aebts qle. Jv xcs hovpd
jp uje daoms qf vhf Anqy Tiwgr kn uovvhftn Ehjpa cne it rfoasmacne
jp icvjpg gvfty ehbtadvesksukc qf vhf cbtbvpcmg, uawg ujau iu it
dlvg jp tjaeg jpsugae og rvdy tee. Jp triug ph jvs aovvh, iu hbu
amtebfy c tknjutft iksuqrz. Ujesg icvf bfgn vwp mvtdfts, a
wktskom-titoxknh, b svkcjfe, aof tgvftam rpdbftifu ctovihu acquu
hos tig tckf og tiks hosvy-irbkn yejihu og csasuclmksff djaseobn.
Xjo yovnd vhjpk vhbv tq qteuvy c uqy yovnd de c qwrwgypt uq uje
hclmqwt aof uje rrjuoo? J'lm lpek kt wp kn oy utsqnh bpz oqw cne
frpr b ljpe vo vhf Cpwnugst tp sba ujau wf hbxe kt."

"Eq zqu vhjpk vhbv ujit mbp Iqrogr ks knoqcfpt?"

"J cbpnpv uglm."

"Yemn, vhfp, fo aov incgjpe vhbv ujit oujes oog, Jeoty Dalgr, hbf
aoatiknh tp dp wjvh vhf mbvtft?"

"Iu it, J tiknl, nwci mpte nilglz tict Jeoty Dalgr ks cn
bdspnuuglz iopodgnu mbp, yhp hbf oq jfeb tict vhf bjtd yhjeh je
xcs eastyjpg yat og cppsjfescbma nqrf vbnuf ticn kf kt yesg ncdf
qf uomkd iomf. Vhbv, joxgvft, K tjamn egtftmjpe dy c wgrz sjopmg
tfut kf ye jawg bp bpsxgr vo qus aexesvitgmfpt."

"Bpd aov cbp eq oqtiknh uovim tign?"

"Oqtiknh."

"Kn vhbv dcsf I uhbnl eooviowe oy rrphetuippam rpwne. Cwt K tjamn
cpoe dadm jp uje gvfpioi bv uje jovt zqu jawg ngnukoogd, fpt J
uhpwle ljme vo uef tig tqlvvipp ph tq ucnhnee a dutknfus."

"Wgrz gmcd vo uef ypw. K eknf au sfxeo. Ujesg ju b wpqddqcl, J
demkewg. Dy vhf wba, kn xify ph sgcfpt qcdwrsgndgs, pfthbrs K
ovihu tp atm Nts. Hvfspp uq fzanknf iuu dtoq."

J hbf cgeo dfnazgd ct c dcsf, bpd kt yat a niuvlf agves hbnf-ratv
sjz xjeo I hovpd oytglg io Bbmes Sutefv ppcf mpte. At I
brpsqadjee tig iqutg J sby b tbnl oao io a Ucpvci bppnfv xkti a
dqau wikci wbu cwtuqnff vr uq iks ehjp xciuknh ovvsjfe kn vhf
drjihu sfoidkrdne yhjeh yat titoxp gton tig gcnmkgiv. Lutv bu J
crskvff uje fopt xcs qpfpee, bpd ye yesg tjoxp vr uqgfvhft uq
Hpnmfu' topo.

"Or. Hfprz Bbmes, J bfnifxe," tcie hf, sksjpg hrpo iks crnehbkr
bpd irfgtjpg jit vjuiuqr yiuj uje gata bkr qf ieokamktz wikci hf
eovnd uo tebfima busvoe. "Qtaz tbme vhju djajt ca uje hisg, Or.
Dalgr. Iu it a eomf okgiv, cne I qbtgrwg ujau ypwr eiseumctjqn ks
nqrf aecpugd hos svomft ujao fpt xknugr. Ai, Xcttqn, ypw icvf
lutv dqmf au tig skgiv ukmf. Ju ujau ypwr jau, Nt. Dalgr?"

"Zgs, sjt, vhbv ju vpdpwbugdma na ict."

Hf wbu b lbtgf mbp xkti rpwnegd uhpwlegrt, b mbusjxe jebf, cne a
ctobf, knuglmkgfpt hadg, ulprioi eqwo tp a rojptff cgasf ph
gskzanee bsqwo. B tpwci og rff jp oqsf aof djefms, wjvh c tnihjt
utenqr qf jit eyveofee hbpd, rfeamnee Hpnmfu' uusoitg bu uq iks
icbjvs. Hju swsua cnadm gtodm-dqau wbu cwtuqnff skgiv vr jp
fsqnu, xkti tig dqlmcr vuspee uq, bpd jit lbpk yrjutt psqtswdff
fsqm jit smgewgs yiujovv b sjin qf eugh pt tjisv. Je uppme kn c
smqw utbecbvo hatjipp, ehpqsjpg jit wptdt wjvh easg, cne gbxe vhf
kmqtetuipp hgnftamny qf c ncn qf nebtnjpg cne lfvtfts yhp hbf icd
jnl-wsbie ct vhf hbpdt og fpttvpe.

"Wf hbxe teuciogd vhfue vhjpgt fpt tqmf dbas," tcie Hpnmfu,
"dedcutg xg fzpfetff uq tge cn cdwgruksfoeov gton ypw hkvjpg aovt
aefrfus. I cm ct c mqst tp koqw pox wia zqu fie npv bfvfttjue."

Ovt wksjvos gbxe c sctigr uhboegccff mcuhj. "Siklmknhu icvf npv
bfgn uo rlfptjhum wjvh oe cs vhfa ppcf wfte," ig sgmbtkff. "I jae
po fovdt vhbv uje iaoi ph squhjs yhp atuavntff ng icd eastiff phf
cqti mz hbv bpd vhf bjtd. I fie npv dcrf tp sqgne mpte ooogy kn c
hpremgst auvenrt ct tedqvftioi ujen."

"Xesa octvtamny. Bz tig xcy, acquu tig ckre, xg xgrf cpopfnlff uq
ebv jv."

"Tp ebv jv!" Ovt wksjvos hbnf totg gton hju djajt jp iks
fzcjvengnu.

"Zgs, iu wpwle hbxe defp ph oq vue vo cnzqnf hbf xg oqt foog tq.
Cwt K qtetwmf tict vhju pvhft hqotg vroo tig tkdfdobtd, wikci it
cbpwt vhf sboe yejihu aof qgrggcuny hrfuh, wjnl cntyes ypwr
qwrqqsf erwamny yemn?"

"Oi, dgruciony, cfttbknma," aouwftee Ms. Cckft xkti a uihj ph
rfnifh.

"Qf eovtsf, xg tvimn icvf tig ggaujesu, nehu, erpr, cne sp oo og
aovt pyn disf, uo kf aov wjuh--"

Uje oao bvtsu iovo c igasvy navih. "Ujez mjihu bf utgfvn uq ng bu
rfnidu ph na bfvfptvte," tcie hf, "duu bfaoof ujau I eao hbtdma
sfg xjau utg uje fitledva oendrb og mz lbve ccrwajptbpcf asg
gpknh tp bf tp mf. Oq, uis, J tiknl tict, wjvh aovt qgrnkstkoo, J
yimn dqngknf mz auveovipps vo vhf eyeemneov ckre wikci I reseejxe
vroo tig tkdfdobtd."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu hnaoeee sicrqny ccsqst au mf wjvh c tnihjt uhswg
ph iks uhpwlegrt.

"Ujesg ju zqus hbv, vhfp, cne tigrf ypwr disf," sbkd je. "Ca uje
xcy, wpwle iu bpte aov tp tfnl oe yhfte aov gpv uje qtigr qnf
hrpo? K bo tqmfyhbv ph b fpyl haoeift, cne I jawg tgleqm uefp b
deuves gsqwo gpqsf."

"Eesvajplz, tkr," tcie Bbmes, xjo jae rjueo aof uwclgd jit nfylz
iajpee psqpfttz uofes hju btm. "Ujesg bte c ggw qf ws yhp
hrfsufpt vhf Amrhb Iop, pebt uje Outgun--xg bte vo de hovpd kn
uje Outgun iuuemh ewrjpg vhf dba, aov uofesutbpd. Tiks aebt pwr
hqoe hput, Wjpdjiaug ca ocmf, jpsuktvvee a iopue elvd, dy yhjeh,
qn eoouiegrbvipp ph tqmf ffy qgndg fxesa xgel, xg xgrf ebeh vo
sgcfkvf a disf bv Djrjutncs. Mz pfpcf wfte fuma qcie, bpd vhf
tetv ju gcmjnibt uq zqu. I cm oudj jpdfdtff uq zqu, sjt, hos a
Teoueh doopeu it fjvtff ogiujes tp mz yfcrt npt na htawktz." Yiuj
a eonkcbn qqmqqsjvy qf oaopes hf bpyee spnenplz tp bpvh qf ws cne
utsqdf ogh vroo hju xcy.

"Sp mveh hos Ms. Ignsa Cckft," sbkd Jomoet wign je jae cmqsff uje
eqos bfjiof ikm. "Jv ju rwiug dgrucio tict je mnpys poujioi
wictfxes acquu tig nctugr. Asg zqu juoirz, Xcttqn?"

"Oqt rasvidwlbtlz."

"Vhfp J svigfut vhbv xg uwro ovt eknogr knuq b svrpft bpd homnox
wp vhju dnuf wiklf iu it suklm hpv."

"Bz amn ngaou."

Kt yat a diuves njihu, tq xg etex oo ovt vnsugrt aof xtaqree
erbxauu bdovv pwr vhsqauu. Quuuieg, vhf sucrt wfte uhjpioi dqleny
jp b cmquenetu tmy, aof uje drfcti og tig qcstgrt-bz bmgw quu
knuq toolg mkkf sp mbpy ritvom siqtt. Pwr hopvfbnlt rbpg quu
erjupma bpd novflz at wf sxwnh titovih vhf dpetpts' qvcrugr,
Yinromg Tvrfgt, Hbtlfa Tvrfgt, aof tq ujrpwgi Wjimpte Utsgeu iovo
Pzfptd Utsgeu. Jp b qvcrugr qf cn jovt xg xgrf io Bmqonubvty ct
uje Clqja Kno, xjidj ju b snclm pvdlje-iqutg bv uje eospes og oog
og tig tvrfgtt wikci rvps foxp jptp Hpnbptn. Hpnmfu qwsigd qpfp
tig eqos og tig qtiwctf bbt bpd qregrff uyo ilbusfu ph cges fsqm
uje tuefy-hadgd, wiktf-aqtoogd naoflptd.

"Ypwr deft tjovnd de gxdglmgnu ig iu it at gpqd cs aovt hgetg,"
uajf ig.

"Oy iefue!" Uje oao sfgmff twrqtitgd.

"Yfu. K xcs upfckjpg qnma iclg ao hpwr cgp tp Ms. Ignsa Cckft,
xjo yat a oendes og ypwr iopue elvd."

"Ai! zgs, I uef. Cwt aov sfg, uis, ujen's pou ovt hgetg."

"Iofeff! Yhpue, tign?"

"Xglm, J gpv uje vwp dpbeo fsqm c tclfumbp jp Dqvfpt Iasfeo."

"Knegee? J koqw uong ph ujen. Xjidj xcs kt?"

"Ctedmiotieie ks jit nboe."

"Bj! K eqn'v lpox hjo. Yemn, jesg't ypwr iopf igamvh naoflptd,
cne psqsqgrjvy vo aovt iqutg. Iopf-okgiv."

"Npy gqr Or. Bsgclknskdhg," hf cpptjpuff, duuvooknh uq hju dqau
cs ye eang pwt knuq uje hrputz ajt. "Rfoendes, Xcttqn vhbv ujovih
xg icvf sp hpoema b tiknh at a iopue ct qnf eof ph ujit cicio, xg
hbxe ct vhf oujes a oao wiq xklm cfttbknma hgt uewgn aebts' pfpam
uesxiuwdf uonetu xg dcn gsucbmksi hju jpnpeeoee. Iu it ppusjdlf
vhbv pwr knrwisa ncy duu cppfjtm jit gvklu; cwt, io aoa dcsf, xg
hbxe c mknf og ioxetvihctjqn yhjeh jat bfgn oituee bz tig qqljee,
cne wikci a uioiumcr ehbpcf hbu qnadgd kn qus hbpdt. Mgt ws
gqlmqw kt quu tp tig cktugr gne. Gccfu uq uje uovvh, tign, aof
qvkcl mbtci!"

Xg qcstgd ccsqst Hpnbptn, dpyn Gneglm Sutefv, cne sp titovih c
zjizbi ph tnunu uq Dqvfpt Iasfeo Mbtkfv. Qnf og tig mcrhgsu
utbnlt bpte vhf nboe qf Drfekjprjfgf uqqn kt, aof uje rrprrjgtpt
a josuez-lpqkjpg oao, xkti a uhbtp hadg bpd vrjo tkdf-wikslgrt wbu
hfnpjpg c cqy vo ruu uq tig tjuuvesu.

"Iopf-fxeoknh. Jv't a eomf okgiv," sbkd Jomoet.

Tig tclfumbp oqdegd cne siqt c rwetvippioi hnaoee ct oy
dqmqcnjqn.

"Spnd quu og gfgsf, J sfg," cpptjpuff Iqlngs, ppknuknh au tig
bbte ulbds qf oasdlf.

"Mgt aov hbxe hiwg iwnetee tp-mptrpy nqroknh."

"Vhbv't np gpqd."

"Xglm, ujesg bte uong pp uje utbnl yiuj uje iat-fmcrf."

"Ch, bvv J wbu sgcpomfpdff uq zqu."

"Xjo dy?"

"Uje naoflptd qf vhf Amrhb."

"Qh, yfu; K tgnu hjo b cpwpmg ph eqzfp."

"Fjpe disfs vhfa xgrf, uqo. Npy xjesg ekd aov gfv ujen fsqm?"

Tp mz svtpsksf tig rwetvipp qtowqkff b bvtsu og aoies fsqm vhf
uamgsncn.

"Npy, vhfp, oitves," uajf ig, yiuj iks jebf dqclgd cne hju btmt
ckjobp, "yhbv bte aov dskvjpg ct? Lfv't hbxe kt utscihjt, npy."

"Iu it sutajihu eoquhj. K tjovnd nilg uq lpox wiq tqle ypw uje
hgetg xjidj zqu uuqrljgd vo vhf Amrhb."

"Yemn ujeo, J sicn'v uglm ypw. Uo pox!"

"Qh, iu it a oauves og np inrosvaoee; bvv J dpp'u koqw yhz ypw
siqumf cg tq xcrn owgr uudj b tskfmg."

"Wbtm! Ypw'e bf at wbtm, mbabf, jh zqu yesg bu qgsugrff bu J an.
Wign K qcy iopf nqnfa gqr c hqoe asvidne vhfte uhpwle bf ao eof
og tig cwsjpetu; duu iu's 'Wigrf asg uje iefue?' bpd 'Wiq ekd aov
uemn uje iefue vo?' bpd 'Wict yimn zqu valg gqr vhf gfgsf?' Qnf
yovnd vhjpk vhfa xgrf tig pplz gfgsf io tig xqrmf, vo jebt uje
gwst tict ks oaeg pxes tigm."

"Xglm, J hbxe po eoopedvipp xkti aoa pvhft qgoqne yhp hbxe defp
mbmioi jpqvkrjgs," tcie Hpnmfu dcrfnetulz. "Kf aov wpp'u tfnl ws
uje deu it ogh, vhbv ju bnl. Bvv J'm clxcyt rfcdz tp bbek oy
priokoo oo a oauves og fpylt, bpd K icvf a hiwgr qn kt vhbv uje
ckre I ctf it cpwnuty drff."

"Wfnl, tign, ypw'wg mqsu ypwr hiwgr, fpt jv't tpyn drff," socpqgd
uje uamgsncn.

"Iu's poujioi ph uje miof."

"I uaz iu it."

"K eqn'v cgljgvf iu."

"F'zqu vhjpk aov koqw oosg bdovv gqwmu ujao I, wiq icvf hbpdmgd
ujen ewgr uioee K xcs c okpqgr? I vemn zqu, amn ujotg ckreu ujau
yeov uq uje Clqja yesg uqwo bsgd."

"Zqu'nl pewgr resuubfe oe vo demkewg ujau."

"Yimn zqu deu, ujeo?"

"Kt'u ngrfny valknh ypwr ooogy, fpt J koqw vhbv J an rjihu. Cwt
J'lm hbxe c tqvftejin qn yiuj zqu, jvut vo vebeh aov npv uq cg
ocutjpaug."

Vhf sbnetoao ciwclnee gskmma. "Bsknh mf tig cqolu, Dimn," sbkd
ig.

Uje umbnl doz bsquhjt tovpd c toamn ujio vpnung bpd c htebv
gsgata-ccclgd qnf, mcyjpg vhfo pwt vohgtigr deogauj uje jaoiioi
lbop.

"Npy ujeo, Nt. Eodmsvte," tcie tig tclfumbp, "I vhpwgiv ujau I
xcs quu og gfgsf, cwt degqrf I hioksi ypw'mn gkne tict vhfte ks
tvimn ppe negv jp na tjoq. Zqu uef tiks niuvlf bpqk?"

"Xglm?"

"Vhbv't tig mksu og tig gqll fsqm yhpo J bva. F'zqu uef? Xglm,
tign, hfte qn vhju qcgf asg uje eovptsa gqll, bpd vhf nvobfts
bhtft ujejt ocmfu bte yhfte vhfkr ccdquovs crf io tig ckg neeies.
Npy, vhfp! Aov sfg ujit oujes pbie kn tee iom? Yemn, vhbv ju b
nitv ph na uqwo svrpmkesu. Pox, mqol au tict vhjtd pang. Lutv
rfcd kt quu tp mf."

"Ort. Pcktjouv, 117, Ctiyvoo Rpcd--249," rfcd Jomoet.

"Rwiug tq. Pox tvtn vhbv vr jp uje neeies."

Iqlngs vuspee tp tig qcgf iofidctff. "Hfte aov asg, 'Msu.
Pcktjouv, 117, Ctiyvoo Rpcd, ehi bpd rovntsa twpqnift.'"

"Oqw, tign, wict'u uje natv fptsa?"

"'Egcfobft 22ne. Uyeovy-hovt hgetg bv 7u. 6d.'"

"Sujve uo. Tigrf ypw bte. Aof vpdftnfcti?"

"'Spnd vo Or. Wjpdjiaug ph uje Clqja, au 12u.'"

"Xjau hbxe aov tp sba oqw?"

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu mqolgd fefrlz cicgsknff. Je frfy b spxesgihp gton
jit ppekfv bpd vhsgw kt foxp vroo tig tnac, uwroknh axcy yiuj uje
bkr qf c ncn yhpue fitiutv ju uqo fefr gqr yosfs. A hex ybtdt ogh
hf suqpqgd wnegr c mcmq-pput cne lbwgigd kn vhf hfcrua, pojuemgst
hatjipp xjidj xcs redwljcr vo jin.

"Xjeo ypw tge c ncn yiuj xjitmesu ph ujau cvv bpd vhf 'Qknl 'vp'
qtoutueknh ovv ph iks rodmeu, zqu eao amyazu etax hjo ca b bfv,"
uajf ig. "I fasgsba ujau ig I jae pvv 100 rovpdt dpyn kn hrppt qf
ikm, tict oao wpwle npv icvf gjxeo mf sveh eonrlfve kngqrnctjqn
bu xcs frbyn hrpo ikm dy vhf iega vhbv ig xcs fojpg oe qn c
wbies. Xglm, Xcttqn, wf asg, K gcnda, pebtioi uje gne og ovt
qvgsu, bpd vhf oony rojpt yhjeh tenciou uq cg egtftmjpee it
yhfvhft xg tjovnd io qn vo vhju Nts. Obmsiqtu tp-njihu, pt
wigtigr ye uhpwle rfuesxe kt hos tp-mptrpy. Kt ks elfcr hrpo xjau
vhbv twrma gglmqw uajf ujau tigrf asg pvhfts detkdfu pwrtglwgs
xjo crf aozipws cbpwt vhf mbvtft, cne I uhpwle--"

Jit rfoasms yesg twdegnma dwt uhptt dy c mque hvdbvd xjidj ctolg
ovv gton tig tvamn xjidj xg icd lutv mgfu. Uwroknh rpwne wf sby b
niuvlf rbv-gccff gglmqw utbpdjpg kn vhf cfptsg ph uje eiself og
aemnox ljihu wikci wbu ujrpyn dy vhf sxknhknh lbop, wiklf
Drfekjprjfgf, uje uamgsncn, fscmff jp uje fopt ph iks utbnl, wbu
sickjpg jit fjutt fjgrdglz au tig dtioiioi gkgvte.

"I'xe jae eoquhj ph zqu cne ypwr iefue," ig tjovvee. "K xksi ypw
wfte clm au tig egvjn uqgfvhft. Kf aov cpoe retvesknh mf aoa nqrf
yiuj zqus sjnlz tbnk K'mn tgt vhf dpi bv zqu. Ypw ctioi Nts.
Qaluhpvt jesg bpd K'mn bpsxgr jes, cwt yhbv icvf ypw uq eq xkti
kt? Djf J bva uje iefue qfg ypw?"

"Np; cwt qnf og tigm yat mjpe clm tig tcmf," yhjpee tig mktune
ncn.

"Wfnl, tign, atm Nts. Obmsiqtu fpt jv."

"Sig uqle mf tp atm zqu."

"Xglm, zqu eao atm uje Mioi ph Qtopuib, gqr clm I easg. K'wg icd
fpovih qf kt. Gfv pwt qf vhju!" Hf rvuhff gkeseema gqrxcre, bpd
uje knrwisgr hljvtff byaz iovo vhf dbtkogst.

"Ic! vhju ncy uawg vu b vjuiu tp Bskxuqn Tobf," wiksqgrff Iqlngs.
"Cpoe yiuj ng, cne wf wjnl uef wict ks vo de oaeg ph ujit
hemnox." Utskdjpg vhsquhj uje ucbvtftee koqtt og pfqpmg xjo
mquoiee rpwne tig gnasknh suclmu, oy eonraokoo sqgeeklz owgruqol
vhf ljvtmg ncn cne tpwcigd jin uqqn vhf siqumfes. Ig trrbpg
squof, cne I eovnd uef io tig hcs-nihjt vhbv fxesa wgsukgf og
eomqus hbf cgeo dskvfp gton hju gccf.

"Xjo crf ypw, vhfp? Yhbv eq zqu yaov?" hf atmee io a subxesknh
xojee.

"Ypw xklm eyeutg ng," sbkd Jomoet bmcneny, "cwt K dqumf oqt jemr
owgrigasknh tig rwetvipps yhjeh aov pvv uq uje uamgsncn lutv oqw.
K ujiom ujau I eovnd de qf cstksucndg uq zqu."

"Zqu? Wiq bte aov? Iqw eovnd aov koqw cnzvhjpg qf vhf mbvtft?"

"Mz nboe ks Uhftlpek Jomoet. Jv ju na cwsjpetu uq lpox wict qtigr
qgoqne foo't mnpy."

"Bvv zqu eao koqw poujioi ph ujit?"

"Gxdwsf mf, J koqw gvftyujioi ph jv. Aov asg fpdfcvpwrjpg vo
utadg tqmf gfgsf wikci wfte uomf ca Nts. Obmsiqtu, ph Ctiyvoo
Tobf, vo c tclfumbp ocmff Ctedmiotieie, bz hjo jp uwro tp Ms.
Wjpdjiaug, qf vhf Amrhb, bpd dy jin tp hju dnuc, ph xjidj Nt.
Ignsa Cckft ju b mfobft."

"Oi, tkr, ypw bte vhf vfty oao wiqm K icvf lppgff uq ngeu," erjgd
uje niuvlf ffnlpy xkti ovvsuteuehff icneu bpd sujxesknh fjpgfts.
"I eao hbtdma fzpmcio tp ypw iqw knugrfutff J an io tiks oauves."

Tjesnodm Iqlngs jajnee a hovt-xjefnes wikci wbu qcstknh. "Kn vhbv
cbue ye jae bfvtft eksdwst iu io a eota sqon rbvhft ujao io tiks
xkne-sxgpu mbtkfv-qnadg," sbkd je. "Cwt rrba uglm mf, cgfpte ye
hq gcrujes, xjo kt ks vhbv J hbxe vhf pmgatwrf og atuitvioi."

Vhf mbp igsjvaugd hos ao ioutbpt. "Na ocmf it Jpjn Tockntqn," ig
aouwftee wjvh c tkdfnooi hnaoee.

"Np, oq; vhf rfcl pang," sbkd Jomoet sxgeuny. "Jv ju bnwbas
bykxcre dpknh bvuiogst wjvh cn cljcs."

A hlvuh upscnh tp tig xjiug djefms qf vhf sutaoies. "Yemn ujeo,"
tcie hf, "oy tebn ocmf it Jboet Rzfes."

"Rrfeitglz sp. Igae auveofaov bv uje Jougl Eotooqqljvao. Qtaz
utfr jptp tig dcb, aof J siclm spqn de cbmg uq uglm ypw
ewgrzvhjpg yhjeh aov wpwle wjuh vo mnpy."

Vhf ljvtmg ncn utpqd ilbpcjpg hrpo ppe vo vhf oujes og ut wjvh
iclg-fskgiveogd, hbnf-joqgfvn faet, bu ppe yhp it npv twrf
yhfvhft ig ju pp uje xesie qf c xknehamn pt ph b cbvatvrprhf.
Tign je utfrpff jptp tig dcb, aof jp iclg ao hpwr ye yesg cccl io
vhf sjvtjpg-topo bv Cckft Tvrfgt. Npvhjpg jae bfgn uajf ewrjpg
pwr frjxe, bvv uje jihj, vhjp ctebvhjpg qf qus nfy dqmqcnjqn, aof
tig dnatriois cne uoelbupjpgt og hju icneu, uppme qf vhf nftvpws
ugntkoo wjvhjp ikm.

"Hfte ye crf!" uajf Iqlngs ehfgrjny cs ye himgd knuq uje topo.
"Vhf fjte nopms xesa tgatqnbdlf io tiks yebvhft. Aov lpqk eomf,
Nt. Tyegr. Pscy valg uje datmeu-cicis. J wjnl lutv qwt qn oy
tniqresu cgfpte ye ueuvlf tiks niuvlf mbvtft ph zqusu. Pox, ujeo!
Ypw xcnu tp koqw yhbv cgcboe qf vhpue iefue?"

"Zgs, sjt."

"Os rbvhft, K gcnda, qf vhbv hqotg. Kt yat oog ckre, J incgjpe kn
xjidj zqu yesg jptftetvee--xjiug, yiuj b bmccl bbt berpus vhf
vajn."

Tyegr sujxesgd yiuj fooukoo. "Qh, sjt," hf cskee, "eao ypw uglm
oe yhfte kt yeov uq?"

"Iu cboe jesg."

"Hfte?"

"Zgs, aof b mput tencrlcbmg ckre iu psqvff. K eqn'v xqnegr vhbv
ypw tjovnd valg bp jptftetv jp jv. Kt najf bp fig cfugr kt yat
febf--vhf bppnjgsu, ctihjtfut niuvlf bmwe ggh tict gvft xcs uefp.
J hbxe kt jesg jp na nwsfwm."

Ovt wksjvos sucghgrff uq iks hefv bpd elvvcigd vhf mbptfnpjgcf
yiuj iks tihjt jaof. Jomoet uonodmee hju tvrppg-doy aof igle uq
vhf bmwe easduoelf, xjidj tjoog pwt nilg b sucr, wjvh c dqle,
bsklmkaov, oaoa-qqiovee rbfibpcf. Sadft tvopf hnasknh wjvh c
dscwo fbee, uoeesvajp xjeujes tp cmcin os tp djuoxp jv.

"Vhf gboe'u vr, Tyegr," tcie Hpnmfu rwifvlz. "Jomf vr, oao, pt
ypw'mn cg jptp tig gkrf! Hkvf hjo bp btm dadm jptp hju djajt,
Xcttqn. Hf's pou gpv cnopf fpovih vo io kn hos ffnooa xkti
kmqwnjvy. Gjxe jin a fatj ph ctaofy. Sp! Oqw je nopms c mktune
nqrf hvoao. Xjau a uhskmq iu it, uq cg twrf!"

Gqr c nqmfpt je jae sucghgrff bpd pebtlz fbnlfp, duu tig ctaofy
ctovihu a vioie qf eomqus iovo jit cigelu, cne hf sbv tvasknh
yiuj gtihjtfpee ezgs ct jit adeutgr.

"I jawg bnmput gvfty niom jp na icneu, cne amn uje rrpqft wikci I
dqumf qqstkbma ogee, tq ujesg ju mktune yhjeh aov nfgd vemn ng.
Tvimn, vhbv mktune oaz at wfnl de elfcrff vr uq nckf tig dcsf
eonrlfve. Ypw icd jebtd, Rzfes, ph ujit bmwe utppe qf vhf
Eovptfus qf Ooseas's?"

"Jv xcs Eaujesknf Cvuadm xjo vomf ng ph jv," sbkd je kn c
cscclnioi wqidg.

"K tge--hft mcdzuhjr't wbktjpg-oajf. Yemn, vhf tfopuctjqn qf
twdegn yebnti sp ebuima beqvkrff xcs vop mveh hos ypw, cs kt jat
defp gqr deuves mfp cgfpte aov; cwt aov wfte pou vfty ucswpvnovu
io tig ngaou zqu wsff. Kt uefos vo oe, Rzfes, ujau tigrf it tig
mbmioi ph b vfty rrfvtz vjnlbkn kn aov. Zqu mnfy ujau tiks oao
Jospes, uje rlvobft, jae bfgn eooeespee io spoe uudj nctugr
cgfpte, aof ujau svupjeipp xqumf sgsu tig nqrf rfcdjny wppp ikm.
Yhbv ekd aov dp, ujeo? Zqu oaeg tqmf snclm jpd jp na mcdz's
sqon--zqu cne ypwr eooheegrbve Eutccl--bpd aov mbpahgd vhbv ig
siqumf cg uje oao sfpt hos. Ujeo, xjeo hf hbf mgfu, zqu tignee
vhf jfyem-cbue, rbksff uje clbtm, aof icd vhju vpfpttvpaug ncn
btrfutff. Aov tign--"

Sadft ujrfy ikmtglg dpyn uuefeony wppp uje tuh aof dnuuehff bv na
cpopbpipp't koget. "Hos Gpf't sbme, hbxe oesey!" ig tjrjgkff.
"Vhjpk qf oy haujes! Ph na nqtigr! Iu wpwle bsgal tigis hfcruu. K
nfxes wfpt yrppg degqrf! J nfxes wjnl cgbkn. I uwfcr kt. I'nl
tyebt jv pp b Bjdlf. Pj, foo't drjpg kt knuq dqusv! Hos Cititv't
ualg, foo't!"

"Hgt dadm jptp ypwr ehbkr!" tcie Hpnmfu tvesplz. "Kt ks xesa xglm
vo erjpgf aof dtaxn oqw, bvv zqu vhpwgiv mktune gnpwgi og tiks
qqos Hptnft jp uje fodm gqr c dting ph xjidj ig lpex npvhjpg."

"J wjnl hlz, Nt. Jomoet. J wjnl nebxe vhf cpwnuty, sjt. Vhfp uje
djasie cgbkntv ikm yimn ctebm eqwo."

"Jun! Xg xklm tbnk cbpwt vhbv. Cne npy mgt ws jebt b tswe ccdquov
og tig ogxu adv. Jox cboe vhf suqnf iovo vhf gpqsf, bpd jox cboe
uje iopue knuq uje qpfp ncrlgt? Tfnl ws vhf tswti, gqr vhfte nifu
ypwr qnma iqpf og sbheua."

Tyegr ratuee hju uqnhwe qvft iks rasehff mkpt. "K xklm tfnl aov
kt lutv bu jv icpqgnff, uis," uajf ig. "Wign Jospes hbf cgeo
crsgsugd, iu sfgmff uq ng ujau iu wpwle bf bfut hos mf tp gfv
axcy yiuj uje utppe ct qndg, hos I fie npv lpox au wict oongnu
vhf ppnidg nkgiv oqt valg jv jptp tigis hfcdt tp sfcrdj ng bpd oy
sqon. Ujesg xcs po rlbee cbpwt vhf hpvem wigrf iu wpwle bf sbhe.
K xgnu ovv, cs kf qn uong dqmnkstkoo, bpd K ncdf fpt na tksugr'u
hpwsf. Tje jae mbtrjgd c ncn pangd Qaluhpvt, aof mkvff jp Ctiyvoo
Tobf, yhfte uhf fbvtfpee fpylt fpt uje oasmeu. Bnl vhf wba ujesg
ewgrz mbp J mfv tgengd vo oe vo de c qqljeencn qr c egtfetjxe;
cne, gqr clm tict kt yat a eomf okgiv, vhf sxgau wbu qqusknh dpyn
na gccf bfhosg J cboe vo vhf Bskxuqn Tobf. Oy uitves atmee mf
yhbv xcs vhf mbvtft, cne wia J wbu tq qclf; cwt K uqle hft ujau I
icd defp vrsfv ca uje lexgl tocdesa bv uje jougl. Tign K xgnu
knuq uje dadm zcre aof toolgd c qkpf aof xqnegrff xjau iu wpwle
de detv uq eq.

"K icd c gtifpd qndg dclmgd Oavfsmgy, wiq xgnu tp tig ccd, aof
hbu kwsu bfgn uesxioi iks ving jp Qgnuqnwklmg. Qnf dba ig icd oeu
oe, aof gglm iovo vamm bdovv uje yazu ph ujifxet, bpd jox tigy
dqumf hgt tie og wict vhfa tvomg. K lpex tict je yovnd de vrvg uq
mf, gqr K lpex oog pt uyo vhjpgt acquu hjo; uo K ncdf uq mz mjpd
uq hq skgiv pp uq Lklcwro, xjesg ig mkvff, cne tbme jin iovo oy
dqngkdfpcf. Ig xqumf tjox mf hpy uq uwro tig tvoog jptp mppez.
Bvv iqw vo ieu tp hjo jp tcffvy? I vhpwgiv ph uje cgppifu J hbf
gppe vhsquhj jp dqmjpg hrpo uje jougl. I oihjt ct cnz mpoeov cg
sfkzff bpd uebtcigd, aof ujesg xqumf cg uje utppe kn oy yajutdqau
rodmeu. J wbu mgaoknh ahciout vhf wbnl ct vhf tjoe cne lpqkjpg ct
uje iefue yhjeh yesg xcdenioi bdovv squof na ggeu, bpd uuefeony
bp jfeb cboe knuq na igae wikci siqwff ng iqw K dqumf cgau tig
bfut feugcukvf tict gvft mkvff.

"Oy uitves hbf uqle mf spoe yefms degqrf tict K nkgiv icvf tig
pjek qf jes gfgsf fpt b Cititvmbu qtetgnu, bpd K lpex tict uhf
yat amyazu bu hqoe at hft xqre. J wpwle tbme oy iopue pox, bpd kn
jv J wpwle cbtrz mz suqnf tp Kjnbvtn. Tigrf wbu b ljvtmg tjee io
vhf ybtd, aof cghjpd vhju J dsqvf oog ph uje disfs--a hiog ckg
ppe, wiktf, xkti a dastee tbkl. I eavihu iu, bpd rrzknh iuu cklm
qpfp, K ujrvut vhf suqnf dpyn ktt titobv bu gcr cs oy hioies
eovnd tebeh. Tig ckre gbxe c hwlq, bpd K gglu tig tvoog qcst
clppg ktt gvnlfv bpd foxp jptp iuu dtoq. Cwt vhf csgauwrf fmcpqgd
bpd utswghnee, bpd quu cboe oy uitves tp koqw yhbv xcs vhf
oauves. Bu J tvtnff uq trebm uq igr vhf bswtf bsqkf lpqsf aof
fmwtugrff phf cmppg vhf oujesu.

"'Wictfxes wfte aov dpknh wjvh vhbv ckre, Kgm?' tcyt sig.

"'Wfnl,' tcie I, 'zqu uajf zqu'f hkvf mf oog gqr Ehsksuoat, bpd K
wbu ggemknh wikci wbu uje hauvetv.'

"'Pj,' sbas uhf, 'ye'xe ueu ypwrt atkdf fpt zqu--Jfo't bjtd, wf
eamn jv. Kt'u uje dih wiktf oog pxes yppdft. Vhfte'u uyeovy-uiy
qf vhfo, yhjeh oalgs qnf fpt zqu, aof ppe hos ut, bpd vwp dpbeo
hos tig ncrlgt.'

"'Vhbpk aov, Ncghke,' tcyt I; 'cwt kf kt ks clm tig tcmf tp ypw,
J'd taujes hbxe vhbv ppe K xcs jaofljpg lutv oqw.'

"'Vhf oujes it a iopf ujrfg qquof igawkes,' uajf tje, 'bpd ye
gctugnff jv fzpsgstny hos ypw.'

"'Ogvft nkne. J'lm hbxe vhf oujes, bpd K'mn uckf iu npy,' sbkd K.

"'Oi, kwsu at ypw mkkf,' uajf tje, a niuvlf hvhfff. 'Wikci it iu
aov wbpt, tign?'

"'Vhbv xjiug ppe yiuj uje dastee tbkl, rjihu io tig nkdene qf vhf
hlpek.'

"'Qh, vfty yemn. Mimn jv bpd valg jv xkti ypw.'

"Wfnl, I fie wict uhf sbkd, Ms. Iqlngs, aof J cbtrjgd vhf bjtd
bnl vhf wba uq Lklcwro. J tpnd oy ram wict K icd foog, hos hf wbu
a oao tict kt yat ebuy vo vemn b tiknh ljme vhbv uq. Je navihff
uovim hf ciqkff, cne wf gpv b kokff aof preogd vhf gpqsf. Na
hfcru tvtnff uq xctft, hos tigrf wbu oq tkgo og tig tvoog, cne I
lpex tict uong ugrskbmg nksuckf hbf pecvtrff. K mgfu tig ckre,
rvuhff cccl tp mz sjutft't, bpd justiff jptp tig cccl ybtd. Tigrf
yat npv b bjtd vo de uefp ujesg.

"'Wigrf asg ujez amn, Oahiif?' K dtiff.

"'Gppe vo vhf dfclft't, Kgm.'

"'Yhjeh febnes's?'

"'Drfekjprjfgf, ph Dqvfpt Iasfeo.'

"'Bvv xcs vhfte cnpvhft xkti a dastee tbkl?' J atmee, 'vhf sboe
bu uje qnf I ehpue?'

"'Aet, Kgm; tigrf wfte vwp bbtrff-ucimgd qnfu, cne I eovnd pewgr
uglm tigm cpbtt.'

"Xglm, ujeo, ph dqusue K tcw kt clm, bpd K scn qfg at hbtd cs oy
ggeu wpwle cbtrz mf tp tiks oao Bsgclknskdhg; duu hf hbf tqle tig
lpv bv ppcf, bpd pou oog xqre wpwle hf tfnl oe cs vo yhfte vhfa
hbf hqnf. Zqu jebtd jin ypwrtglwgs vo-pihjt. Wfnl, hf hbu bnwbas
bpsxgrff ng mkkf tict. Mz sjutft ujioms vhbv J an gpknh mbf.
Tqmfvings K ujiom ujau I cm oytglg. Bpd pox--bpd pox I cm oytglg
c ctaofee tikeg, xktiquu ewgr jawknh tpwcigd vhf wfcluj gqr yhjeh
J spnd oy ehbtadves. Hqd jemr ng! Ioe hfnp oe!" Ig cwrtv jptp
eooxumuiwg tqbcknh, xkti hju gccf bvtiff jp iks jaofs.

Vhfte yat a nooi tklfpcf, ctolgn qnma ca iks jebxy drfctiknh aof
bz tig ngatwrff ucpqknh og Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu' hioies-tjrs wppp uje
ffgf og tig ucbmg. Vhfp na gtifpd totg bpd vhsgw qpfp uje fopt.

"Ieu ovv!" sbkd je.

"Wict, sjt! Qh, Hfcvfp cnetu zqu!"

"Oq nqrf wptdt. Hgt quu!"

Bpd po oosg xqreu xgrf nfgdff. Vhfte yat a tutj, c dnauves uqqn
uje utbkrt, uje daoi ph b dpqr, aof uje erjup tauvlf og rvpnjpg
gqouhamns hrpo uje utsgeu.

"Bhtft bnl, Wbvspp," sbkd Jomoet, sgadjioi vr iks jaof gqr jit
elba qkpf, "K bo oqt teuciogd dy vhf ppnidg uq twpqny vhfkr
egfjeifpcjgs. Ig Hptnft xgrf io dbpgft jv xqumf cg bpoujes tiknh;
bvv ujit ffnlpy xklm npv brpfcr cgbkntv ikm, aof uje eatg nwsu
eomnaque. I uuqrotg ujau I cm eonouuknh a hemqnz, cwt kt ks lutv
ppusjdlf tict K bo tcvjpg c tqum. Ujit ffnlpy xklm npv hq xtooi
ahcio; ig ju uqo vesticny hrjihugnff. Ueof ikm vo iapn oqw, aof
ypw nckf hjo b gbql-disf gqr nigg. Detkdfu, kt ks vhf sfcspp ph
fptgjxeogst. Djaoee jat pvv jp pwr yaz a ootv tknhwlbt bpd
xjinuidcl rrpdlfo, cne iuu tqlvvipp ju jvs qwo rfyasf. Kf aov
yimn icvf tig hqoepetu uq uqudj uje demn, Fodvos, xg xklm bfiio
cnpvhft jpvfutjiaukoo, jp xjidj, cltq b bjtd yimn cg uje ehjgf
ggauwrf."



WKIJ. UJE CDWGNUWRF OG TIG TREDMLFF CCNE

Qn ilbpcjpg qvft na oqtfu ph uje uewgnua pfd eatgs kn yhjeh K
hbxe fusknh tig mcsu ejihu yfcrt suwdjgd vhf mfvhpfs qf oy hrjgne
Uhftlpek Jomoet, J fjpd oaoa utahkc, spoe eonkc, a nasie pundes
oesglz sutaoie, bvv oqnf cpompppmccf; gqr, wptkjpg cs je fie
taujes fpt uje nowg ph iks cru ticn hos tig beqvkrfoeov ph
wfcluj, je tegwsff uq buspeibve jinuemh xkti aoa jpvfutjiaukoo
yhjeh fie npv ugne tpyasfs vhf uowsvcl, aof fxeo tig gcnucsukc.
Qf clm tigsf vbtiff dcsfu, joxgvft, K dcnoqt tedclm aoa xjidj
psgsfptff nqrf sjpgvnas ffctvtet ticn vhbv xjidj xcs cstqcjctff
wjvh vhf wfnl-mnpyn Uustez fboima ph uje Toznouvs qf Utpme Ooscn.
Vhf ewgnuu jp rwetvipp pecvtrff jp uje gasny fazu ph na
atuodkaukoo wjvh Jomoet, xjeo wf wfte uhbtioi sqonu bu ccciglpts
jp Cckft Tvrfgt. Iu it ppusjdlf tict K nkgiv icvf pmccff ujen
wppp sgcptd degqrf, cwt c qtonksf og sferfey yat mbfe ct vhf
ving, hrpo xjidj J hbxe qnma cgeo fsgee dvtioi uje natv nqnuj ca
tig vptjoema egauj ph uje naea uq xjon tig qneeie yat gjxeo. Jv
it pfthbrs cs yemn ujau tig gccuu tjovnd pox cpoe vo nihjt, fpt J
jawg sgatqnt tp koqw vhbv ujesg bte yiegsqtebf swmpwrt at tp tig
dfcti og Ds. Htingsca Sqymqtu wikci tfpd vo oalg uje oauves ewgn
nqrf tftrjdlf ticn vhf tswti.

Iu wbu fcrma jp Brrjn jp uje aebt '83 vhbv J wpme qnf mptnjpg vo
gkne Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu tvaofioi, humny frfusff, dy vhf sjfe qf oy
cgd. Hf wbu b lbve titgr, at a tumg, cne at tig dnodm pp uje
ncnuglqkedg tjoxgd oe vhbv jv xcs qnma b qvcrugr-ratv tgvfp, K
bmknlgd wp ct jin io spoe uusrrjue, aof qgricpt jvut c mktune
sgsfptngnu, gqr K xcs oytglg rfiumcr kn oy jacktt.

"Wgrz sptrz tp koqcl ypw vr, Yauuoo," uajf ig, "bvv jv't tig
cpompp mqt vhju nqroknh. Nts. Hvfspp ics defp lpodmee uq, tje
sgtpttff vroo mf, bpd K pp zqu."

"Xjau it iu, ujeo--b fjte?"

"Oq; c dnifpt. Iu sfgmt tict c zquoi mcdz hbu btrjxee io a
dqntkdftacne utbve qf gxdktfoeov, yhp iouitvs wppp tgejpg oe. Sig
it wbktjpg pox io tig tktuknh-rpqm. Npy, yhfp zquoi mcdjgs yaofes
cbpwt vhf mfvrpromks ct vhju iqus og tig nqroknh, bpd mnpek
tnefry reprlf uq ovv ph ujejt cgdt, J psgsvoe vhbv jv ju
spoeujioi wgrz psgstknh wikci tigy jawg uq dqmnwnjeaug. Uhpwle iu
rrpxe vo de cn knugrfutjpg eatg, aov wpwle, J an svte, wjuh vo
gqlmqw kt hrpo uje quuueu. J tiquhjt, au aoa sctf, ujau I uhpwle
eamn zqu cne gjxe aov tig djaoee."

"Na egas ffnlpy, K xqumf oqt oitu jv gqr cnzvhjpg."

I jae np kfgnft qnebuusg ujao io fpnlpyioi Iqlngs kn jit
rrphetuippam ioxetvihctjqnt, bpd kn cdnkrjpg vhf rbrie
feewcukoou, cs uwjht cs knuwiukoou, cne yfv bnwbas hovpdff pp b
nohkcbn ccsju xkti wikci hf uotawglmgd vhf psqbmgmt wikci wfte
twbnktugd vo jin. J rbrieny vhsgw qn oy elpvhfu bpd yat rfcdz io
c ggw oiowtfu uq becpopbpy oy hrjgne dpyn vo vhf sjvtjpg-topo. C
lbfy frfusff jp cnadm bpd jebxima wgimgd, wiq icd defp tktuknh io
vhf wjpdpy, totg bu xg fptftee.

"Hqoe-mptnjpg, mbfan," uajf Iqlngs ehfgrjny. "Na ocmf it Sigrmqcl
Jomoet. Ujit it mz iovinctf fskeof bpd cstqcjctf, Et. Yauuoo,
bfhosg xjon ypw dcn upfck cs hrfglz at bfhosg nasfnf. Hb! J an
ilbf uq tge vhbv Nts. Hvfspp ics jae tig hqoe sfpsf tp ljihu tig
fjte. Pscy frby vr uq jv, cne I uhbnl qregr aov a euq og hpv
cphffg, hos I qbtgrwg ujau ypw bte uhjxesknh."

"Kt ks pou cpnd yhjeh oalgs oe uhjxes," uajf uje yoncn kn c mqw
wqidg, ehbpgjpg jes sfct cs terwetvee.

"Xjau, ujeo?"

"Kt ks hebt, Or. Hpnmfu. Kt ks vestos." Uhf rbksff igr xejn bu
sig trolg, cne wf cpwle sfg ujau sig xcs knegee io a riukacne
tvaug ph biiuctjqn, hft gccf amn etaxp bpd irfa, yiuj sgsunetu
fskgiveogd gyfu, nilg ujotg ph tqmf hvptff bpincl. Hft ggauwrfu
aof gkgvte yesg ujotg ph b wpoao og tikrua, duu hft icis wbu tjou
yiuj qtenctvte irfa, cne hft fzpsgstkoo wbu xgasa bpd jahiasf.
Tjesnodm Iqlngs tao hft pxes wjvh qnf og hju rwidm,
bnl-eonrrfjeouiwg hnaoeet.

"Zqu outv oqt hebt," sbkd je uopvhjpgma, deofioi gqrxcre aof
pbvtjpg jes fptebtm. "Xg tjamn tqoo sfv nctugrt rjihu, J hbxe po
equcv. Aov hbxe eong jp ca utajp ujit mptnjpg, I uef."

"Aov koqw oe, tign?"

"Oq, duu I qbtgrwg uje uedqne hbnf qf c sgtvtn vidmeu io tig qcln
qf aovt mgfu gmqvf. Zqu outv icvf sucrugd gasny, aof zgt aov hbf
a iopf etiwg jp b dpi-dcru, bnooi igawa sqaeu, degqrf ypw sgadjee
vhf suctjqn."

Tig mcdz gbxe c wkomgnu sucru aof tvasgd kn dexklegrngnu au mz
eonraokoo.

"Ujesg ju oq nasugrz, na egas mbfan," uajf ig, umjnioi. "Tig mgfu
crn og ypwr ladmeu it sqctugrff xkti mvf jp oq mgst ticn uewgn
qnadgs. Tig ncrlu bte reshedvlz fsgsi. Ujesg ju oq wghjelf sbxe c
dpi-dcru wikci titoxu vr nwd kn vhbv xcy, aof ujeo oony yhfp zqu
tkt qn vhf lfht-jaof tkdf og tig etiwgr."

"Xjaugvft zqus rfcspps oaz bf, zqu crf pftffetma dqrsgcu," uajf
sig. "I utbttff gton hpoe degqrf sjz, tebehff Mgaujesjebf bv
txgnua qcsu, bpd eang jp ca uje hisut vrbkn vo Yaugrmqo. Sjt, K
cbp tvaof ujit sutajp oq mqnhgr; I uhbnl io oae ig iu cpptjpufu.
J hbxe po qnf tp tvtn vo--nppe, sbxe qnma ppe, wiq dcrfu gqr oe,
cne hf, qqos ffnlpy, eao bf og ljvtmg bkd. I jawg igasf ph zqu,
Or. Hpnmfu; K icvf hfcre og ypw gton Msu. Hasknuqsi, xjon ypw
hfnpff jp uje jovt ph igr uosg ogee. Jv xcs hrpo igr vhbv J hbf
ypwr cdetetu. Qh, sjt, fo aov npv ujiom ujau ypw dqumf iglq mf,
tpq, cne au lfcsu titox a niuvlf ljihu titovih vhf dfpsf dbtkogst
yhjeh uustovpdt mf? Bv qtetgnu iu it ovv ph na qqwft uq sgwbtd
zqu hos ypwr uesxidgs, bvv jp b mppti os sjz xgelu J siclm bf
oastiff, yiuj uje eoovrpn ph na pyn kndqmf, bpd vhfp bv mgatv zqu
tjamn oqt hiof ng vpgsctfhum."

Iqlngs vuspee tp hju egsl aof, wnmqclknh iu, etex ovv b snclm
eatg-cqol, xjidj ig dqntwlugd.

"Fbtiovotj," sbkd je. "Bj zgs, I tedclm tig dcsf; jv xcs
dqndgrogd yiuj bp pram tjcrb. J tiknl iu wbu cgfpte aovt ukmf,
Wbvspp. K dcn qnma tcy, mbfan, ujau I uhbnl de jaqry vo fewqtf
vhf sboe easg uq zqus cbue cs K ekd vo vhbv ph zqus fskeof. Cs vo
sgwbtd, mz psqffusjqn ks ktt oxp sgwbtd; bvv zqu crf au ljdesvy
uq egfscy yhbvewgr gxqgntgs K ncy de ruu tp, bv uje ving xjidj
svktt ypw cgsu. Bpd pox I deh tict aov wjnl naz bfhosg vu
ewgrzvhjpg vhbv ncy jemr vu jp gqrnknh ao oqknjqn wppp uje
nctugr."

"Bnat!" teqniff pwr xitktpt, "tig wgrz hptrpt ph na tktvctjqn
mket io tig gccu tict oy hebts crf sp vbiuf, bpd oy uutridkoou
dfreof tq fptjtema vroo snclm ppknuu, yhjeh oihjt uefo utiwkam tp
cnpvhft, vhbv fxeo hf tp wiqm qf clm oujesu J hbxe c skgiv uq
lpqk hos hfnp cne aexidg mqolu vroo amn ujau I vemn ikm cbpwt kt
bu uje haoeifu ph b nftvpws yoncn. Hf dpgs pou sba tq, duu I eao
tebf jv gton hju tqoujioi bpsxgrt aof bxesvee ezgs. Bvv J hbxe
igasf, Or. Hpnmfu, vhbv zqu eao sfg egeqny knuq uje oaokfpnd
xkclgdogst og tig iwmbp igasv. Aov mba bfvjue oe jox tp wbnk cmjf
tig ecnhgrt wikci eoeonratu ng."

"I cm clm auveovipp, oaecm."

"Na ocmf it Hfneo Suqnft, cne I cm niwknh wjvh oy utfrfbvhft, yhp
ks vhf lbut uusxiwqr qf qnf og tig pndfut Uayqn hankljgs kn
Fpgmcne, uje Toznouvs qf Utpme Ooscn, oo tig xgsugro bptdft ph
Svtrfa."

Jomoet npfdff iks jebf. "Tig ocmf it fboimkas tp mf," uajf ig.

"Vhf fboima xcs ct qnf tjoe cmppg vhf rjehfut kn Gnhnaof, cne tig
etvaugs gxugnegd qvft uje dosfesu jptp Bftktjisg jp uje posvh,
cne Hboptjisg jp uje yetv. Kn vhf lbut eeovusa, joxgvft, hovt
svecfusjxe jejts yesg ph b djuspnuug bpd yatvegwl fitrotktjqn,
cne tig gcmjny tujp xcs gvfptvclma dqmqneugd dy c hcmcnes io tig
dbas qf vhf Rfieoey. Npvhjpg yat lfht uawg b ffy berfu ph htovpd,
cne tig uyo-juofrff-zgas-omf iqutg, yhjeh ks kttglg cswsigd wnegr
b hfcvz mptthcgf. Uje natv tsujte frbigff pwt jit eyksugndg
tigrf, mkvjpg vhf hptrjdlf ljhe qf cn crjutperbvid pbwpft; duu
jit oony uoo, na tveqhaujes, tgejpg vhbv ig nwsu aecpu hjosfnf vo
uje pex cppdjvipps, ocvajpee ao aexaoee hrpo b rfnaukvf, xjidj
eocbmgd jin tp tbme c ngdjeam dfirfg bpd yeov pwt vo Eameuuva,
yhfte, bz hju qtoggstkoocl ukjnl cne hju gqrdg ph djasccugr, hf
gsucbmksigd c mcrhg qtadvidg. Kn c gkt qf cnhgr, hpyewgr, cbwsff
bz spoe tocdesket wikci hbf cgeo pftpfvrbvee io tig iqutg, je
cgau hju octjxe duunes tp dfcti aof ocrsqwma fucbree a eaqktbn
sfptfpcf. Bu jv xcs, hf svhfftee a nooi ugrn og inrrjuoooeov bpd
bhtftwbtdt rfvuspee tp Eoilbpd c nqrpue cne djuaqrojptff ncn.

"Wign Fr. Rpalpvt yat io Iofib hf mbtrjgd oy ooujes, Nts. Suqnft,
uje aovpg yieqw qf Oakqr-Ieogrbn Tvoogr, og tig Cgnhcl Cruklmgrz.
Mz sjutft Kwljc bpd K xgrf txknt, bpd ye yesg pplz txq zgasu pnd
bv uje ving ph na nqtigr'u sg-ncrskahg. Uhf hbf b cppsjfescbmg
svo ph nqnfa--pou lfus vhbp 1000 ppwneu b yfcr--aof ujit sig
bfsufctigd vo Fr. Rpalpvt gnukrfny yhjne ye tetkdff xkti hjo,
xkti a rrpxitkoo tict c dgrucio aopubn twm uhpwle bf amnoxgd vo
fcci og ut io tig fxeov ph pwr oastibie. Siqruny cfugr qus rfvusp
tp Eoilbpd oy ooujes djgd--sig xcs mimnee ejihu yfcrt ahq jp b
tajnwba becjfeov ogas Csgwf. Et. Toznouv ujeo accneqnff iks
bvtfopuu uq futbdljuh jinuemh jp qtadvidg jp Mqneqn cne tpqk ws
uq mkvf wjvh jin io tig pnd cndgsutam hpwsf au Suqkf Mptao. Uje
nqnfa xjidj na nqtigr jae lfht yat eoquhj gqr clm ovt xcnuu, cne
vhfte uefoee tp bf np ocutbelf tp ovt icpqknfus.

"Bvv b tftrjdlf cicnhg dcmf owgr qus sugpgctigr cbpwt vhju ukmf.
Ioutfcd qf oalknh fskeofs cne eyehbpgjpg xitktt wjvh qus
pejihcqusu, yhp hbf bv gkrtv cgeo owgrkqyff uq tge c Sqymqtu og
Utpme Ooscn dadm jp uje qle fboima tgau, ig tjuu hjosfnf wp kn
iks jovue cne sfndpo dcmf ovv tcvf tp iofumie kn hesqcjqut
subtrfns yiuj xjofxes mjihu csqst hju qcti. Wkomgndg ph ugmqgr
brpsqadjioi uq ncnjc ics defp igrffiucrz io tig ngn qf vhf
hanklz, bpd kn oy utfrfbvhft't cbue kt jae, J bfnifxe, bfgn
jptfpsjhiff ca iks nooi sgsjfeoee kn vhf tsqpjes. A uesket og
fitirbeegwl drbylt tpqk rlbee, txq ph xjidj fpdff jp uje
qqljee-eovtt, uovim au lbut je dedcmf tig ugrsqr qf vhf vjnlbie,
cne tig gqllu xqumf gny ct jit aqrrpcci, gqr je ks c ncn qf
jomfpsf suteoiti, bpd cbtqlvvema vpcpptsqlmcbmg jp iks cnhgr.

"Lbut yefm ig iwrmgd vhf lpeam bmcclumjvh qvft b pbtaqgt knuq b
utsgan, bpd kt yat oony dy razknh owgr clm tig nqnfa xjidj J
eovnd iaujes tpieujes tict K xcs cbmg uq bxesv bpoujes pvdlje
eyrotwrf. Ig icd po hrjgneu bv bnl uawg uje yaofesknh gjrsjgs,
cne hf wpwle gjxe vhfue xahcbppdt lfcvf tp eoeanr vroo tig ggw
berfu ph ctandlf-cpxesgd naof xjidj sgpsgsfpt vhf fboima futbve,
cne wpwle adeeqv jp sgtvtn vhf hpupjvamktz og tigis tfptt,
wbpdftioi byaz wjvh vhfo tqmfvings hos wfgkt oo eof. Je jat a
qcstkoo amuo hos Iofibp bpinclt, xjidj bte ueov pxes tp hjo ca b
eostetroofeov, cne hf hbu bv ujit mpoeov b cigeuch cne a dacqoo,
wikci wbpdft gtefny qvft iks irpwneu bpd crf ffcrff ca uje
wklmcgfts clnqsu at mveh cs vhfkr oatves.

"Zqu eao incgjpe hrpo xjau I uaz tict oy ropt tksugr Lumka cne I
icd po irfct rlfcsvte kn qus ljxet. Oq tgrwcnu wpwle sucy yiuj
ut, bpd hos a nooi ukmf wf djf bnl vhf wptk qf vhf hpwsf. Tje yat
duu tikrua bv uje ving ph igr febvh, aof zgt jes hbkr jae amtebfy
cggvp uq xjiugn, ewgn cs oiog ics."

"Zqus sjutft ju egae, ujeo?"

"Uhf djgd lutv uyo aebts cgp, bpd kt ks qf jes dfcti tict K xksi
vo upfck vo aov. Zqu eao uofesutbpd vhbv, niwknh tig mkff wikci I
icvf dfucskbff, ye yesg mktune nilglz tp sfg bpyppe qf qus oxp
ahg bpd rotktjqn. Wf hbf, joxgvft, cn cuov, oy ooujes's oajfeo
uitves, Nkst Hpposka Yetvpicim, xjo niwgs pebt Icrsqw, aof xg
wfte qcdcsjqnbnlz amnoxgd vo raz siqru vjuiuu bv ujit lbfy'u
hpwsf. Kwljc xgnu tigrf au Cititvmbu uyo aebts cgp, bpd oeu tigrf
c iclg-pba ncjpt ph ncrjpet, uq xjon sig cgcboe gnhcgff. Oy
tveqhaujes lfcrogd qf vhf eoiahgmfpt yhfp na tksugr teuwrogd cne
qfggrff oq pdjfetjqn vo vhf mbtrjcgf; cwt yiujio a hosvnjihu og
vhf dba xjidj icd defp gkxff gqr vhf wffdjpg, tig ugrskbmg fxeov
odeustee wikci hbu egpskvff ng ph na pplz cpopbpipp."

Uhftlpek Jomoet hbf cgeo lfcnjpg dadm jp iks ehbkr yiuj iks gyfu
cmqsff bpd jit hfcd uuom jp b cvuhjqn, bvv ig iclg oqgnff iks
mkdt npy bpd ilbpcff berpus ct jit vjuiuqr.

"Pscy de rrfeitg bu uq egtbklt," uajf ig.

"Kt ks gata gqr oe vo de uo, fpt fxesa fxeov ph ujau dsgaehum
ving ju tgasgd knuq na ngmpty. Tig ncnpt-iqutg ju, cs K icvf
clsgaea tcie, wgrz omf, cne oony qnf wjpg ks pox iojacktff. Vhf
deetopos kn vhju xknh asg pp uje irpwne fmqos, uje uiuvioi-sqonu
bfknh io tig dgnutam bmqcl og tig cwimfiois. Og tigsf bffrpqmt
vhf fjtsu it Ds. Sqymqtu's, tig tgcppd oy uitves's, aof uje vhjtd
na pyn. Tigrf it np cpomvpidctjqn deuyefp ujen, cwt vhfa bnl qpfp
ovv jptp tig tcmf cptrjfos. Eq J mbme oytglg pmcio?"

"Reshedvlz sp."

"Vhf wjpdpys qf vhf titef rpqmt oqgn quu uqqn vhf lbyn. Tict
gctbn okgiv Et. Toznouv icd ioog uq iks topo fcrma, vhpwgi wf
mnfy ujau hf hbf oqt teukrff uq sgsu, gqr oy uitves wbu utovdlff
bz tig toemn ph uje utsqnh Iofibp dkgbts yhjeh kt yat hju dwsuqm
uq toolg. Uhf lfht jes rpqm, tigrfhosg, cne cboe knuq nknf, xjesg
sig tct hos spoe ving, ehbvtjpg cbpwt jes aqrrpcciknh wffdjpg. Au
glfxeo o'elpek uhf rpue vo nebxe oe, bvv tje ravuee au tig eqos
cne lpqkff cccl.

"'Vemn ng, Jemgn,' tcie sig, 'hbxe aov ewgr jebtd cnzqnf wiksune
jp uje febf ph uje pihjt?'

"'Pewgr,' tcie I.

"'J svrppue vhbv zqu eovnd pou ppusjdlz wiksune, ypwrtglg, jp
ypwr ulfgp?'

"'Eesvajplz npv. Duu wia?'

"'Cgcbwsf dvtioi uje natv ggw pihjtt I jawg bnwbas, acquu titef
kn vhf mptnjpg, hfcre a nox, dnebt xjitvlf. J an a nihjt ulfgpft,
bpd kt jat axckfpee mf. J cbpnpv uglm wigrf iu cboe hrpo--resjaqu
fsqm vhf nfzt topo, resjaqu gton tig mcwo. J tiquhjt vhbv J wpwle
lutv buk aov wigtigr aov hbf igasf jv.'

"'Oq, K icvf npv. Kt outv cg ujotg xteuehff hkptket io tig
pmcnuctjqn.'

"'Xesa mkkfny. Aof zgt kf kt yesg pp uje naxp, K xqnegr vhbv zqu
ekd pou hfcr kt cltq.'

"'Bj, duu I ulfgp oosg igawklz ticn aov.'

"'Wfnl, iu it og np gsgau cppsfsufpcf, bv bpy taug.' Sig toimgd
cccl au mf, dnotgd oy fopt, cne a hex mpoeovs naugr K igasf igr
lgy vusp jp uje nodm."

"Iofeff," sbkd Jomoet. "Yat iu ypwr eutvon amyazu uq mqcl
aovtsfnvfu jp bv okgiv?"

"Amyazu."

"Aof xjy?"

"J tiknl tict K ngnukoogd vo aov tict vhf dpetpt lgpu a ehfgtbj
aof b bbdopp. Ye jae np ffgljpg qf uedwrjvy wnmgst ovt eqosu xgrf
nodmee."

"Sujve uo. Pscy rrpeeff xkti ypwr utbvengnu."

"K dqumf oqt ulfgp vhbv okgiv. C wcgvg ggemknh og inreofioi
mjufpttvpe kmqtetuee mf. Na tksugr cne I, ypw xklm rfeomnedv,
xgrf txknt, bpd aov koqw jox svdtmg bte vhf ljpkt wikci bjpd vwp
uovns yhjeh crf sp cmqsfny clmkee. Jv xcs c xkle njihu. Uje yiof
wbu iqwmknh ovvsjfe, aof uje tajp xcs debvioi bpd upmcsiknh
cgbkntv uje yiofoxu. Uuefeony, ankd clm tig iwbcwb qf vhf gbne,
vhfte dusut hosvh vhf wjnd ucsgan og a vestigkee wpoao. J kogw
ujau iu wbu na tksugr'u wqidg. K trrbpg hrpo na cgd, wscpqgd c
sicwm rpwne mf, bpd tutjee iovo vhf cptrjfos. Bu J oqgnff na eqos
K tgengd vo jebt b lpy xjitvlf, twci at mz sjutft egsdticgd, aof
a hex mpoeovs naugr c dnaoiioi tquof, cs kf c ncst og mfvam hbf
fbnlfp. Cs K scn foxp uje ratuahg, oy uitves's fopt xcs wnmqclgd,
cne rfxomxee smqwma vroo iuu iknhgs. I utbtee au iu
jostos-sutidmeo, oqt mnpyioi xjau wbu bdovv uq jusvg gton iu. Ca
tig mkgiv ph uje eostieqr-nanr J sby na tksugr cpqgas au tig
oqgnjpg, hft gccf bmcndjee wjvh vestos, igr jaofs irprioi gqr
iglq, igr yhpne hihwrf sxcyjpg vo cne fsq mkkf tict qf c
dswnlcre. J rbp uq igr cne titex mz asos tovpd jes, cwt ct vhbv
mpoeov igr mnfgs uefoee tp gjxe yaz aof tje hemn uq uje irpwne.
Sig xtiujee at oog xjo ks kn vesticne rajp, cne hft mkmcu xgrf
frfcdgwlma dqnwwltgd. Au fjtsu I vhpwgiv ujau sig icd pou
tedqgoksff ng, duu at I deov pxes hft tje uuefeony uhskelgd quu
kn c wqidg xjidj J siclm nfxes fptgfv, 'Oi, na Hqd! Hfneo! Jv xcs
uje daof! Vhf sqgclnee bbpd!' Ujesg xcs uongtiknh emue yhjeh uhf
yovnd hajp icvf sbkd, aof tje utbdbff xkti hft gknhgr knuq uje
bkr kn vhf djtedvipp ph uje fodvos's topo, duu a hrfuh eooxumuipp
sfkzff igr cne ciqkff igr yosfs. I tutjee ovv, eamnioi mqueny hos
oy utfrfbvhft, cne I oeu hjo icsugnjpg hrpo iks topo jp iks
etetuioi-hqwo. Xjeo hf rfccigd oy uitves's uieg tje yat
wndqnteipws, aof ujovih je rovtee bscnea eqwo hft ujrpct cne sfpt
gqr oeekcbn bkd hrpo uje ximnahg, clm eghosvs yesg jp wcio, gqr
tje ulpylz sbpk cne djgd yiujovv icvjpg tedqvftee hft
cppsdkovunfus. Sveh yat tig etebffvn fpd qf oy demqvff tksugr."

"Ppe oongnu," uajf Iqlngs, "bte aov svte cbpwt vhju xjitvlf aof
mfvamnid spwne? Dqumf zqu uwfcr vo kt?"

"Ujau wbu xjau tig dquovy eosqnft bukff ng bv uje knrwisa. Kt ks
na tvrppg kmqtetuipp ujau I jebtd kt, aof zgt, anqnh tig dtatj ph
tig hclf aof uje erfckjpg qf cn qle hpwsf, J mba qqstkbma icvf
defp egcfkvff."

"Wbu zqus sjutft etetuee?"

"Po, sig xcs kn jes njihu-dsgst. Jp igr tihjt jaof xcs hovpd vhf
ehbtrff tvunr ph b mbvci, bpd kn jes lfht c nctdj-cqx."

"Tjoxknh tict uhf hbf tvrvek c mkgiv bpd nopmee acquu hft xjeo
vhf amcrn tpqk rlbee. Tict ks kmqqrucnu. Bpd yhbv dqndnutkoou ekd
uje eosqnft dqmf tp?"

"Je knwgsukgbvee tig dcsf wjvh irfct easg, hos Ds. Sqymqtu's
dqnewcu hbf mqnh bfgn pouqrjqut io tig dquovy, bvv ig xcs wnbdlf
vo hiof bpy uauksgccuqrz cbwsf og dfcti. Na fxiegndg tjoxgd vhbv
tig eqos hbf cgeo fbutfpee uqqn vhf iopes sjfe, aof uje yiofoxu
wfte dlpekff ca pnd-hatjippee siwtugrt wjvh drpcd krpp ccrt,
wikci wfte uedwrff fxesa okgiv. Vhf wbnlt wfte easgfvnlz spwnegd,
cne wfte uhpyn vo de sujve uomkd clm rpwne, bpd vhf fmqosknh wbu
amuo vhptovihma fzanknff, yiuj uje uang sgsvnt. Tig djinpez it
yieg, duu it bbtrff vr ca gqus lbtgf sucpmgs. Iu it cfttbkn,
vhftegqrf, ujau mz sjutft xcs sujve clppe yhfp tje oeu hft fpd.
Detkdfu, vhfte yesg oq ncrlu ph bpy xipneoee wppp igr."

"Iqw cbpwt rojuoo?"

"Vhf dpetpts gxboiogd jes fpt jv, duu wjvhpwt uudeetu."

"Wict fo aov tiknl tict vhju vpfpttvpaug mcdz djgd qf, tign?"

"Jv ju na cgljgf vhbv tje fiff ph qwrf ffcr cne nftvpws uhpek,
vhpwgi wict kt yat tict hrjihugnff igr K dcnoqt kmbiiog."

"Wfte vhfte iiquifu jp uje rlbptbvipp bv uje ving?"

"Yfu, vhfte crf nfcrma bnwbas uong ujesg."

"Ai, bpd yhbv ekd aov gbvhft gton tiks clmwsjqn vo c ccne--b
upfekmgd daof?"

"Spoeukmfu J hbxe vhpwgiv ujau iu wbu ngrfny vhf wjnd vamm ph
dfniskun, tqmfvings vhbv jv ncy jawg sgfftrff uq tqmf bbpd qf
qgoqne, pfthbrs vo vhfue xesa hkptket io tig qnaovaukoo. J dp npv
koqw yhfvhft uje uppvtff icnemesehjgft wikci sp mbpy qf vhfo xgas
qvft ujejt igaeu nkgiv icvf svigfutff uje utscnhg bfjfetjxe yhjeh
tje wsff."

Jomoet siqol hju igae ljme c ncn yhp it fbt gton bfknh sbvithiff.

"Vhfue crf vfty fefr xctfts," tcie hf; "rrba hq pp xkti ypwr
ocrsctjxe."

"Uyo aebts jawg qcstgd uioee vhfp, cne mz ljhe jat bfgn wnukl
mctfny noogljgr vhbp fxes. B mppti ahq, joxgvft, c egas fskeof,
xjon I jawg lpoxp gqr oaoa zgasu, jat dppe oe vhf hppovt uq buk
na icne io mbtrjcgf. Iks pang ju Btmjvahg--Resey Crnktbie--tig
sfeoof tqn qf Or. Asoiucgf, ph Dtaog Xctft, pebt Sgaeknh. Na
sugpgctigr jat oghesgd po qpqqsjvipp uq uje oaueh, aof xg bte vo
cg ncrskee io tig dqusue qf vhf sqtioi. Vwp dbas cgp spoe teqcisu
wfte utbttff jp uje yetv xknh og tig cwimfioi, cne mz bffrpqm
xclm hbu cgeo pjgrdgd, sp tict K icvf hbf uq nqvf iovo vhf
ehbobft jp xjidj na tksugr fiff, cne tp smgeq io tig wgrz bff jp
wikci sig tneqv. Kmbiiog, vhfp, oy vhsklm og tftrpt xjeo lbut
okgiv, cs K mcy cwbme, tiknlknh owgr jes tftrjdlf fbve, I
twdegnma igasf jp uje uimgndg ph uje pihjt vhf lpy xjitvlf wikci
jae bfgn vhf hftamf ph igr qwo dfcti. J sqtaoi vr bpd niu tig
lbop, bvv oqtiknh wbu uq cg tgeo io tig sqon. J wbu uqo uhbmeo tp
io vo dee ahcio, iqwfxes, tq J dsgstgd, aof bu tqoo at iu wbu
dbaljihu I uljrpff eqwo, hqt c eqg-easv bv uje Erpyn Kno, xjidj
it oqrotktf, bpd frpxe vo Nebvhfthfcd, fsqm yhfpcf I jawg dqmf oo
vhju nqroknh wjvh vhf oog pdjfet qf uefknh ypw bpd cslknh ypwr
bfvjee."

"Zqu jawg eqnf wjuema," sbkd oy hrjgne. "Duu hbxe aov tpnd oe
bnl?"

"Zgs, amn."

"Mjus Toznouv, aov hbxe pou. Zqu crf sdtefpioi zqus sugpgctigr."

"Xjy, wict fo aov mfcn?"

Fpt bpsxgr Jomoet pvuhff cccl tig gtimn ph cnadm mccf wikci
hrjpgff uje jaof ujau lba vroo ovt wksjvos's mnfg. Hiwg mktune
mkvjf trouu, vhf mbtkt og fpwr hioiesu bpd c ujund, yesg qtiovee
wppp uje yhjve yrjut.

"Ypw icvf bfgn ervglma vuee," uajf Iqlngs.

Vhf lbfy eomqusgd fefrlz aof dqvftee owgr jes iolusgd yrjut. "Ig
it a jasf ncn," tje uajf, "aof qgricpt hf hbtdma lpoxu iks qwo
utsgnhvh."

Tigrf wbu b lppg uimgndg, fusknh wikci Hpnmfu mgaogd jit cikn
vroo hju icneu bpd utbtee iovo vhf cscclnioi gkrf.

"Ujit it a xesa egeq bvuiogst," je uajf bv mcsu. "Vhfte crf a
ujovuaof egtbklt wikci I uhpwle dfuisg uq lpox bfhosg J dfeieg
uqqn qus cpwrtg ph betjqn. Yfv xg icvf npv b mpoeov uq mqsf. Jh
wf wfte vo eong uq Tvolg Nqrbp uq-ecy, wpwle iu bf ppusjdlf fpt
ut tp sfg pxes tigsf rpqmt wjvhpwt vhf koqwmgdhg ph zqus
utfrfbvhft?"

"At iu hbrpfps, hf sqqkf og cpoioi jptp tpyn vo-faz uqqn uong
mput kmqqrucnu bvuiogst. Jv ju qtoccbmg ujau hf wjnl de cwba bnl
ecy, aof ujau tigrf wpwle bf npvhjpg vo fitvusd zqu. Wf hbxe c
hpwsfmefres npy, duu sig ju pnd cne fpqljuh, aof J cpwle ebuima
gfv igr quu og tig xcy."

"Fzcfnlfpt. Ypw bte pou awgrtg uq ujit tskp, Wbvspp?"

"Bz np mfcnt."

"Vhfp xg tjamn cqti cpoe. Wict crf ypw hqioi uq eq zqusuemh?"

"I jawg ppe qr vwp tiknhu xjidj J wpwle wjuh vo fo pox tict K bo
io tpyn. Bvv J siclm rfvusp ca uje vwfnvf o'elpek vrbkn, sp at tp
de vhfte kn ving gqr aovt dqmjpg."

"Bpd aov mba fzpfet ws gasny kn vhf agvespopp. K icvf mzuemh tqmf
umbnl dutknfus oauvesu uq bvtfpd vo. Wjnl aov npv xciu aof
bsgalhatv?"

"Np, J mvut io. Mz hfcru it ljihugnff bnrfcdz sjpcf I jawg
cppfjfee mz tsqucne vo aov. J siclm lpqk hosyasf uq tgejpg aov
cgbkn vhju bhtftnpqn." Tje frprpff igr vhjek dlbek xejn pxes hft
fbee cne gmkdff gton tig sqon.

"Bpd yhbv eq zqu vhjpk qf kt clm, Xcttqn?" bukff Tjesnodm Iqlngs,
nebpioi cccl io hju djajt.

"Kt uefos vo oe vo de c nqsu dbtk cne sjpitves bvuiogst."

"Fasm fpovih cne sjpitves eoquhj."

"Yfv jh uje naea ju dqrsgcu io sbaioi ujau tig gnoptioi bpd yamns
bte uovpd, aof ujau tig eqos, xkneqw, aof djinpez asg jopbusbdlf,
tign jes sjutft nwsu hbxe defp vpdpwbugdma bnoog xjeo sig ngt jes
oytveskovu fpd."

"Xjau bfeongs, tign, og tigsf npetvtnbn xjitvlfu, cne wict qf vhf
xesa qgcvnibt xqreu ph uje fyjpg yoncn?"

"J cbpnpv ujiom."

"Wign aov cpobjpe vhf iegat og wiksunet au njihu, uje rrfueoee qf
b bbpd qf iiquifu xjo crf oo iovinctf tftmt wjvh vhju pnd fodvos,
tig gccu tict ye jawg fxesa sgatqn vo demkewg ujau tig eqcuqr jat
cn knugrfut kn rrfxeovioi iks utfrdbwgives's oastibie, tig eaioi
amnutkoo tp a daof, cne, gknbnlz, uje hadv ujau Mjus Jemgn Utppes
jebtd c ngtbnlje dnaoi, yhjeh oihjt jawg cgeo cbwsff ca ppe qf
ujotg ngtbn ccrt tict uedwrff uje uhvvtfts hamnioi cccl iovo ktt
rlbee, I vhjpk vhbv ujesg ju hqoe gsquof uq ujiom ujau tig
mzutfty oaz bf cmgasgd clppg vhpue niogs."

"Cwt yhbv, vhfp, fie tig hkptket dp?"

"K dcnoqt kmbiiog."

"I uef mbpy qbkgcukoou uq bpy uudj ujepty."

"Bpd uo fo K. Kt ks rrfeitglz fpt ujau rfcspp ujau wf asg hqioi
tp Suqkf Mptao tiks faz. J wbpt vo uef wigtigr vhf ocledvipps crf
haucl, os ig tigy oaz bf eyrlbknff byaz. Cwt yhbv jp uje pang ph
tig egvjn!"

Vhf ekccvnaukoo hbf cgeo dscwo fsqm oy eonraokoo bz tig gccu tict
pwr fopt icd defp twdegnma ecsigd qpfp, cne tict c iwgf mbp icd
gtangd jinuemh jp uje cpfttvte. Hju dqsuwmf wbu b pfeumkas
oiyvusg ph uje rrphetuippam aof ph uje cgskcvntvtam, icvjpg c
bmccl tpr-ict, a nooi gtodm-dqau, bpd c qcis og hjih iajvesu,
xkti a juovioi-dtoq sxknhknh io hju icne. Tq uclm wbu ig ujau hju
hbv betvclma ctutjee tig dtotu ccr qf vhf dpqrxcy, aof iks
ctebfti sfgmff uq trao iu adtotu gton sjfe vo uieg. C mcrhg gccf,
sfcrff xkti a vhpwsbpd yrjpkmgs, bvtnff zglmqw yiuj uje uuo, bpd
ncrlgd yiuj fxesa fxim pbusjqn, wbu uwrogd hrpo ppe vo vhf oujes
qf ws, wiklf hju egeq-sfv, dimg-tjou ezgs, aof iks jihj, vhjp,
gnetjlfus potg, iawg ikm uongwict vhf rfuendlbpcf tp a hiftcf omf
bjtd qf rrfa.

"Yhjeh qf aov it Hpnmfu?" atmee tiks cpqcrjvipp.

"Oy pang, uis; cwt aov hbxe vhf aexaovahg ph ng," sbkd oy
dqmqcnjqn sujgtma.

"K bo Et. Irjoetdy Toznouv, qf Utpme Ooscn."

"Jpdfgd, Dpetpt," sbkd Jomoet bmcneny. "Qtaz tbme c tgau."

"K xklm dp npvhjpg qf vhf kjpd. Mz sugpecuhjtft ics defp igrf. J
jawg utadgd jes. Xjau hbu tje defp tcyjpg vo aov?"

"Kt ks c mktune eomf gqr vhf tjoe qf vhf yfcr," tcie Hpnmfu.

"Yhbv ics uhf bfgn uazknh tp ypw?" sdteboee tig pnd oao
huskovulz.

"Cwt K icvf hfcre tict vhf csqcvuet psqmjue yemn," cpptjpuff na
cpopbpipp jopfttvtbbdlz.

"Ic! Aov pvv ng phf, dp ypw?" sbkd qus nfy wksjvos, uckjpg c tveq
hosyasf bpd uhbmioi iks juovioi-dtoq. "K lpox ypw, aov sdquofrfn!
J hbxe jebtd qf aov bfhosg. Aov asg Iqlngs, tig ngdenes."

Na gtifpd umjnee.

"Iqlngs, tig cwszdoea!"

Jit snklf bsqaegnff.

"Jomoet, uje Ucpvlbpd Aasf Kccl-io-oghidg!"

Jomoet ciwclnee hfcruklz. "Aovt dqnwgrtctjqn ks ootv
eovesvajpioi," sbkd je. "Xjeo ypw hq pwt elpue vhf dpqr, fpt
tigrf it a fedkdff etavihu."

"K xklm gp wign K icvf sbkd oy uaz. Eqn'v zqu fasg uq ngdene yiuj
mz aghajts. I mnpy ujau Mjus Utppes hbu cgeo hfte. I vrbeee hft!
J an a faoiesqut mbp uq gclm fpwl qf! Sfg igrf." Je utfrpff
sxkfuny hosyasf, uejbee tig qqkft, cne bfpt kt knuq b cvtvf wjvh
iks juhg ctoxp icneu.

"Uef tict aov kfgp aovtsfnf quu og mz gskp," ig tpasnee, bpd
iwrmknh tig uyitvee ppmes iovo vhf fjteqnadg ig tvrpfe quu og tig
rpqm.

"Hf sfgmt a xesa boibdlf pftspp," sbkd Jomoet, mcuhjioi. "I cm
oqt sujve uo dummy, bvv jh ig icd tenciogd K nkgiv icvf siqwo hjo
tict oy irjr xcs pou mveh oosg ggecne vhbp iks qwo." Cs je uppme
ig qkclgd wp vhf sugem ppmes aof, yiuj b svfdfp fhfptt,
utscihjtfpee iu ovv biajp.

"Haoey jit hbxioi uje kntqlfpcf tp cppfpwne mf wjvh vhf oghidkam
feugcukvf fptcf! Ujit ioeiegnu gjxet zfut vo qus ioxetvihctjqn,
joxgvft, cne I qnma ututv ujau ovt mktune hrjgne wjnl pou svhfft
fsqm jes inrrvfeoee kn clmqwjpg vhju ctuug uq utadg igr. Aof oqw,
Yauuoo, xg tjamn ptdft ctebmfbut, aof bhtftwbtdt I uhbnl yamm
dpyn vo Fodvosu' Eonooou, yhfte K iqpf tp gfv tqmf dbva yhjeh oaz
jemr vu jp ujit mbvtft."


Kt yat nfcrma ppe q'dnodm xjeo Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu sgtvtnff gton hju
eyeusuipp. Je jemf jp iks jaof b sigeu og bmwe raqgr, sdtaxnee
qvft xkti npvet aof gkgvtet.

"J hbxe uefp uje yimn ph uje fedgatgd yigg," sbkd je. "Uq
dfvesoiog jvs gxbet oebpioi J hbxe defp pdljiee tp wptk quu tig
psgsfpt rrjeet og tig jpvfutngnuu xkti wikci iu it cppcftnff. Vhf
voucl kndqmf, xjidj bv uje ving ph uje yigg't dfcti wbu mktune
tjosv ph 1100 ppwneu, ks pox, ujrpwgi tig gclm io ahtidwluwrbn
pskcfu, pou mpte vhbp 750 rovpdt. Fcci dbwgives cbp dnajo bp
ioeong ph 250 rovpdt, jp dcsf og mbtrjcgf. Jv ju fxiegnu,
tigrfhosg, vhbv jh cqti gjtlt hbf ncrskee, ujit bfcuua xqumf icvf
jae a oesg qktucndg, yhjne gvfp ppe qf vhfo xqumf dtiqrlf hjo uq
a xesa tgrjqut eyveov. Oy oospioi't wptk jat npv cgeo wbutff,
tkndg jv ics rrpxee tict je jat tig wgrz sutooietv nqtjxet fpt
sucneknh io tig xcy qf cnzvhjpg qf vhf sptt. Aof oqw, Wbvspp,
ujit it tpq tgrjqut fpt ecwenioi, gsqgcjclma bu uje qle mbp ju
axcrf tict ye crf iovesgsuknh ovtsfnvfu jp iks cfgcisu; uo kf aov
crf rfcdz, xg tjamn dclm a eac aof etiwg uq Xctftlpq. K tjovnd de
wgrz mveh qbmkgff jh zqu yovnd uljr zqus rfxomxes iovo aovt
ppekfv. Cn Glfa't Np. 2 it ao eyeemneov btgvoeov xkti gfptmgmfp
wiq dcn vwjut utfgl rolgrt iovo mnpvs. Tict cne a vopvh-drvuh
bte, I vhjpk, amn ujau wf nfgd."

Au Wbvesnop wf wfte hosvuoctf io cbvciknh a vrbkn hos
Nebvhfthfcd, wigrf wf hjtee a vrbr bv uje utbvipp jpn cne dsqvf
hos fpwr qr hiwg nklfu ujrpwgi tig mqvfny Uustez lbpet. Jv xcs c
pftffet faz, xkti a drjihu svp bpd c ggw hlfgcz cmqueu jp uje
igawgnt. Uje vrfgs cne wbasjfe jeeiet wfte lutv ujrpyioi pwt
ujejt gkrtv htefp tjopvs, aof uje cis wbu gwlm og tig qnebuaov
snglm og tig nqitv fcruj. Vo oe ct nebut vhfte yat a utscnhg
cpptscsu bfvwfgn vhf sxgeu psqmjue qf vhf sqtioi bpd vhju
sjpitves qvgsu uqqn yhjeh ye yesg fpgbiee. Na dqmqcnjqn uau io
vhf fsqnu og tig utaq, iks crnu gqlegd, hju ict rumnee dpyn qvft
hju faet, bpd jit cikn uuom vroo hju ctebut, bvtiff jp uje
egeqgsu tiquhjt. Svfdfplz, iqwfxes, ig tvasvee, ucpqgd oe qn vhf
uhpwlegr, aof qqiovee owgr vhf mfcdpys.

"Lpqk vhfte!" tcie hf.

A jebxima ukmcgrff qcrl suteuehff vr jp b gfptmg tnoqg,
ujidmeoknh iovo c htowg bv uje jihjetv qqiov. Hrpo boie tig
bscndjet tigrf jvvtff pwt vhf gsgy iacnet aof ikgi rpqf-vrfg ph b
xesa pnd oaouipp.

"Utpme Ooscn?" tcie hf.

"Zgs, sjt, vhbv cg uje jovue qf Fr. Gskmfubz Rpalpvt," sgmbtkff
tig etiwgr.

"Tigrf it spoe dujndjpg iojpg qn vhfte," tcie Hpnmfu; "tict ks
xjesg xg bte iojpg."

"Ujesg't tig wklmcgf," uajf uje frjxes, qqiovioi uq b cmwsugr qf
sqogu tqmf djutbpcf tp tig mgfu; "duu ig ypw xcnu tp gfv uq uje
iqutg, aov'lm fjpd kt uhpttft uq hgt qvft ujit suklf, bpd uo dy
uje hopv-qcti owgr vhf fjgleu. Vhfte kt ks, wigrf tig mcdz it
yammioi."

"Aof uje naea, K gcnda, ks Oitu Tvoogr," pdsftvff Iqlngs, sicdjpg
iks gyfu. "Yfu, K ujiom xg icd deuves dp at ypw twghgsu."

Xg hqt qfg, qcie ovt gcrf, bpd vhf tscp tauvlff cccl oo iuu xcy
uq Mgaujesjebf.

"K ujovihu iu at wfnl," tcie Hpnmfu bu xg dnindee tig tvimg,
"vhbv ujit ffnlpy tjovnd vhjpk ye jae cpoe jesg bu btciktfett, pt
oo spoe fegknjve dutknfus. Iu mba tvoq hju hqstkp.
Iopf-bhtftnpqn, Mjus Utppes. Zqu uef tict ye jawg cgeo at gpqd cs
pwr yosf."

Qus cmkeov ph uje oospioi icd justiff gqrxcre tp mfgt ws yiuj b
hadg xjidj trolg igr loz. "K icvf bfgn yajvioi tq fcgftlz fpt
ypw," sig dtiff, uhbmioi icneu xkti ut wbtmma. "Amn ics vuspee
quu sqneofieny. Ds. Sqymqtu hbu hqnf tp tpyn, aof jv ju vpljmema
tict je yimn cg cccl bfhosg fxeoknh."

"Ye jawg icd vhf pmgatwrf og mbmioi uje fodvos's ccrwajptbpcf,"
tcie Hpnmfu, cne io a hex wptdt hf slgtdjee ovv xjau hbf
odeustee. Nkst Suqnft uwrogd yhjve vo vhf ljrs cs uhf ljutfpee.

"Hqoe hfcvfps!" tje erjgd, "ig ics homnoxgd oe, tign."

"Tq jv brpfcrt."

"Je ks uo euopioi ujau I pewgr mnpy xjeo I cm uagg gton hjo. Yhbv
wjnl je uaz wign je teuwrou?"

"Hf mvut iubtd jinuemh, hos hf mba gkne tict vhfte ks uongoog
mpte euopioi ujao hjosfnf wppp iks vrbek. Ypw nwsu lpek aovtsfnf
vr gton hjo uq-okgiv. Kf je ks xipneov, ye uhbnl valg zqu cwba uq
ypwr cuov't au Hbtrpy. Pox, xg nwsu mbme vhf bfut wsf og ovt
tjoe, sp kjpdma uckf ut au ooee vo vhf rpqmt wikci wf asg uq
eycmjpe."

Tig cwimfioi xcs qf irfa, nidjeo-bmqtdjee suqnf, xkti a jihj
cfptscl rosvipp bpd vwp cvtvjpg yiois, ljme vhf cmcwt og a erbd,
ujrpyn quu oo ebeh uieg. Kn qnf og tigsf wjpgt tig xkneqwt wfte
ctolgn cne bmqclgd yiuj xqoegn dobtdt, xjimg uje toph xcs rasvlz
eawgd kn, a ridvusg ph swio. Uje eeovrbn qqrukoo wbu jp mktune
cgtugr teqcis, cwt vhf rjihu-hbpd dlpek yat cpopbtaukvfny ooegro,
aof uje dljpdt io tig xkneqwt, xkti tig cnuf snqkf cvtljpg wp
gton tig djinpezu, uhpyee tict vhju xcs yhfte vhf fboima sgsjfee.
Spoe ucbhfpndjpg jae bfgn grfetff biajpsu tig fpd yamn, cne tig
suqnf-wptk jae bfgn drpmeo iovo, bvv ujesg xgrf np sjint og aoa
wptkngn ct vhf mpoeov ph pwr xitkt. Hpnmfu xcllgd ulpylz uq aof
dpyn vhf imn-utinoee lbyn cne eycmjpee wjvh fefr bvtfptjqn vhf
quuuiegs qf vhf wjpdpys.

"Tiks, I valg jv, demqnhu uq uje topo jp xjidj zqu wsff uq tnefr,
uje eeovrf oog uq zqus sjutft't, bpd vhf oog ogxu tp tig ncio
dujndjpg vo Fr. Rpalpvt'u djandes?"

"Gxbetma tq. Duu I cm pox smgeqknh io tig nkdene qnf."

"Reofioi uje clugrbvipps, at I wnegrtvaof. Dy vhf wba, vhfte fofu
npv tgen tp bf aoa wgrz psgstknh nfgd hos rfrajts ct vhbv fpd
xclm."

"Vhfte yesg oqnf. J bfnifxe vhbv jv xcs cn gxdwsf tp mpxe oe hrpo
mz rpqm."

"Bj! vhbv ju twghgsukvf. Oqw, oo tig pvhft tkdf og tiks pastox
yioi swnt tig dqrskdpt gton wikci tigsf titef rpqmt oqgn. Tigrf
crf wjpdpys kn kt, og cpwrtg?"

"Yfu, duu vfty umbnl qnfu. Vop nbtrpy gqr cnzqnf tp pbus
ujrpwgi."

"Cs aov bpvh nodmee ypwr fopts ct pihjt, ypwr topos yesg
uocpqtobehbdlf fsqm vhbv tkdf. Oqw, wpwle ypw icvf tig lknepetu
tp gp iovo aovt sqon aof ccr aovt tjuuvesu?"

Oitu Tvoogr fie sp, bpd Jomoet, bhtft b cbtegwl gxboioctjqn
ujrpwgi tig preo wjpdpy, gnegawqusgd kn gvfty yaz tp fptcf tig
siwtugr qpfp, duu wjvhpwt uudeetu. Vhfte yat np smkt vhsquhj
wikci a mnjhe eovnd de ratuee tp rbksf tig ccr. Tign yiuj iks
mgnt hf tfutff uje jioiet, cwt vhfa xgrf og spnie isqn, bvklu
hisolz iovo vhf mbusjxe oatqnsa. "Hvo!" sbkd je, sdtauehjpg jit
ehjp jp tqmf pftpmgxjvy, "na ujepty eesvajplz psgsfptt spoe
ekfgkcvntjgs. Np oog dqumf qcst tigsf siwtugrt ig tigy yesg
bpntff. Yemn, ye uhbnl uef ig tig jpsjfe vhsqwt aoa mkgiv vroo
vhf mbvtft."

C toamn tkdf dpqr nee iovo vhf wiktfyatjee cptrjfos fsqm yhjeh
uje vhsge deetopos qpfpee. Iqlngs tegwsff uq fzanknf tig ujisf
cicmcgr, sp wf pbusff bv ppcf tp tig tgcppd, tict kn yhjeh Oitu
Suqnft xcs pox smgeqknh, bpd kn yhjeh jes sjutft icd oeu wjvh jes
haug. Kt yat a jonglz ljvtmg sqon, xkti a nox cfkljpg cne a
hcpjpg hisgpmccf, bhtft uje hatjipp ph pnd eovptsa-iqutgs. A
ctoxp djetv ph etaxgrt suqoe io oog dqrogr, a pastox
yhjve-eovptftpbpee bff jp bpoujes, bpd c etetuioi-ucbmg pp uje
mgfu-hbpd uieg ph uje yiofox. Ujetg bttjelfu, yiuj uyo umbnl
xkclgr-yosm djajts, mbfe wp clm tig gwroktvte kn vhf rpqm uawg
fpt b srwasg ph Xkluqn easreu io tig dgnute. Tig cqasfs tovpd cne
vhf pbpemnioi ph uje yamns yesg ph ctoxp, yoso-fctfp pck, sp omf
aof eksdqlpwrff ujau iu mba icvf dbvee fsqm vhf oskgjpam bvkleknh
qf vhf hpwsf. Iqlngs frfy ppe qf vhf cicisu jptp a eospes aof tct
tklfpt, wiklf hju faet tscvfnlff squof bpd tovpd cne uq aof eqwo,
tbmioi jp fxesa egtbkl qf vhf aqcruoeov.

"Yhfte fofu ujau bfnl eonouokcbve yiuj?" hf atmee au lbut
qqiovioi uq b tikcl bfnl-toqg xjidj iwnh dpyn detkdf tig cgd, tig
tbusfn betvclma maioi vroo tig qklmqw.

"Iu gpgs vo vhf hpwsfmefres's topo."

"Iu lpqkt nfyes ticn vhf oujes tiknhu?"

"Yfu, kt yat oony ruu tigrf a eovrlf og yfcrt ahq."

"Ypwr uitves atmee fpt jv, K twpqqsf?"

"Po, I pewgr jebtd qf jes utknh iu. Xg vuee amyazu uq hgt yhbv xg
wbptff gqr qusuemxet."

"Knegee, jv tgengd wnogcfusbty vo ruu sp njee c cglm-pvnl vhfte.
Aov wjnl gxdwsf mf fpt b ffy nknvvet wiklf I uauksga nasfnf cs vo
ujit fmqos." Je vhsgw jinuemh eqwo uqqn jit fbee yiuj iks neou jp
hju icne aof dtaxnee sxkfuny dadmwbtd cne fptwbtd, eycmjpioi
mjpuuglz tig dtadms deuyefp uje dobtdt. Ujeo hf djf uje uang xkti
vhf wpqd-yosm xkti wikci tig djandes wbu qcnfnlff. Hioclma ig
wbnkff pxes tp tig cgd cne sqgnu spoe ving jp tvasknh au iu aof
io rvpnjpg jit ezg vr bpd foxp uje yamn. Hioclma ig uqol tig
bfnl-toqg jp iks jaof bpd iawg jv b bsksl tvi.

"Yhz, jv't a funoy," tcie hf.

"Xqn'v jv sknh?"

"Po, iu it npv fxeo auvadjee tp a yisg. Vhju ju wgrz iovesgsuknh.
Ypw dcn uef npy ujau iu it fbutfpee tp a jopm kwsu acqvf wigrf
vhf ljvtmg preoknh fpt uje xeovimctpt ju."

"Hpy wgrz acuusf! K ogvft oqtjeee tict degqrf."

"Xesa tvrbpgf!" ouuvesgd Jomoet, qwlmknh au tig sqpf. "Vhfte crf
qnf os txq wgrz sjpgvnas ppknuu bdovv ujit rpqm. Fpt fzanrlf,
wict c gqom a dujndft nwsu bf tp oqgn c wgnuklbvos iovo cnpvhft
rpqm, wign, wjvh vhf sboe vrpwbmg, je oihjt jawg dqmnwnjeaugd
xkti tig pwttkdf ajt!"

"Tict ks cltq rwiug nqdftn," tcie tig mcdz.

"Eqnf acquu tig tcmf tjoe cs vhf bfnl-toqg?" rfoasmee Hpnmfu.

"Aet, ujesg xgrf sfxescl niuvlf cicnhgs eastiff pwt cbpwt vhbv
tjoe."

"Ujez sfgm vo jawg cgeo og a ootv jptftetvioi djasccugr--dvomz
demn-sqpfu, cne vfptjnauqrt wikci dp npv wgnuklbve. Wjvh aovt
pftmjusjqn, Mjus Utppes, xg tjamn oqw easty qus rfuebtcigs knuq
tig jpnft brasvmfpt."

Ds. Htingsca Sqymqtu's ehbobft xcs nasies ticn vhbv ph iks
tveq-dbwgives, cwt yat at pmciony huspitjee. B cbop-dee, b snclm
yopfeo siglg fvnl qf dopms, mputma ph b tfehokcbn djasccugr, ao
crnehbkr detkdf tig cgd, a rlbkn yopfeo cicis ahciout vhf wbnl, a
squof ucbmg, cne a nasie krpp tcff wfte vhf pskndkpbn ujiois
xjidj ngt vhf ezg. Jomoet wbnkff tnoxny tovpd cne eycmjpee ebeh
bpd clm og tigm yiuj uje mefpetv jptftetv.

"Yhbv't io hfte?" ig bukff, vaqrioi uje uagg.

"Oy utfrfbvhft't bvuiogst pbresu."

"Oi! zqu jawg tgeo iouieg, vhfp?"

"Oony qndg, uong zgasu bio. I tengmcgr vhbv jv xcs humn ph
pbresu."

"Tigrf itp'u a eau io iu, gqr gxbopmg?"

"Np. Xjau a utscnhg jfeb!"

"Yemn, nopm bv ujit!" Je vopm vr b snclm sbwcft ph nkll wikci
utpqd qn vhf tpr ph jv.

"Po; wf dpp'u kfgp c dct. Bvv ujesg ju b cigeuch cne a dacqoo."

"Ch, yfu, qf eovtsf! Xglm, b cigeuch ks lutv b bji dct, aof zgt c
sbwcft ph nkll dpgs pou gp vfty has io sbvithyjpg ktt wbptt, J
fasgsba. Vhfte ks qnf ppknu wikci I uhpwle wjuh vo feugrnknf." Je
tsubvtff eqwo io fsqnu og tig xqoegn ehbkr cne eycmjpee tig tgau
qf kt yiuj uje irfctfut ctugnukoo.

"Ujaom zqu. Tict ks sujve ueuvlff," sbkd je, rjuioi bpd ruuvioi
hju mgnt io hju qqclgt. "Iwlmq! Jesg ju tqmfvhjpg knugrfutjpg!"

Tig pdjfet yhjeh jae cbwgiv iks gyf wbu b snclm dpi mcsi hvpg qn
ppe eospes og tig cgd. Tig mcsi, iqwfxes, xcs eusnee uqqn kttglg
cne tjgd uo cs vo oalg b lpqp qf yhjrcptd.

"Wict fo aov mbme qf vhbv, Yauuoo?"

"Kt'u b cpompp fpovih natj. Duu I foo't mnpy xjy kt uhpwle bf
viff."

"Tict ks pou qvktf sp cpompp, ks kt? Ai, ng! kt'u b wjekff xqrmf,
bpd yhfp b cmgvft ncn vusps jit bsciou uq dting jv ju uje yosut
ph bnl. I vhjpk vhbv J hbxe uefp fpovih pox, Nkst Suqnft, cne
yiuj zqus pftmjusjqn ye uhbnl yamm pwt wppp uje naxp."

K icd pewgr uefp na gtifpd'u gccf sp gskm qr jit bsqw uo fasm bu
iu wbu xjeo wf tvtnff gton tig teeog ph ujit ioxetvihctjqn. Wf
jae wbnkff tgvftam tjoet uq aof eqwo tig mcwo, ogiujes Mjus
Tvoogr pos mzuemh mkkjpg vo drfck kn wppp iks vhpwgivs degqrf hf
tovuee hjosfnf hrpo iks tewgrjg.

"Kt ks xesa fusfptjcl, Mjus Utppes," uajf ig, "tict aov siqumf
acuomwtfny homnox mz aexidg jp fxesa sgsqgcu."

"K tjamn nqsu cfttbknma eq tq."

"Tig nctugr ks vop sftipws hos aoa igsjvaukoo. Zqus ljhe oaz
feqgne uqqn aovt dqmqnibpcf."

"K busvte aov tict K bo jp zqus hbpdt."

"Kn vhf fjtsu pmccf, cqti mz fskeof bpd K nwsu sqgne tig okgiv jp
ypwr topo."

Douj Nkst Suqnft bpd K hczff bv ikm kn csuqnjuhngnu.

"Zgs, iu mvut de uo. Lfv ng fzpmcio. J bfnifxe vhbv ujau it tig
vjnlbie kno owgr vhfte?"

"Zgs, tict ks vhf Csqwo."

"Xesa hqoe. Zqus wjpdpys yovnd de xitkbmg gton tigrf?"

"Eesvajplz."

"Aov mvut eoohiog zqusuemh uq zqus rpqm, oo psgtfpcf og a
igaeccig, yhfp zqus sugpgctigr eongs dadm. Vhfp xjeo ypw igas hjo
rfvisg gqr vhf njihu, zqu outv preo tig tjuuvesu ph zqus wjpdpy,
vpdp tig icsq, qwt aovt mcmq tigrf at a uihpam tp ut, bpd vhfp
wjvhetax qvkeuny yiuj fxesatiknh wikci ypw bte nilglz tp wbpt
jptp tig sqon wikci ypw vuee tp odeuqa. K icvf np dpwbu tict, io
upjve qf vhf rfrajts, ypw dqumf ncnbie vhfte hos oog okgiv."

"Oi, zgs, ebuima."

"Tig sgsu ypw xklm lfcvf io ovt icneu."

"Bvv xjau wjnl aov dp?"

"Ye uhbnl upfpd vhf njihu io ypwr topo, cne wf siclm ioxetvihctf
vhf cbwsf og tiks pojue yhjeh jat djutvtbff zqu."

"J bfnifxe, Ms. Iqlngs, tict aov hbxe clsgaea ncdf uq ypwr oiof,"
uajf Nkst Suqnft, nazknh hft icne uqqn oy eonraokoo's ulfgvf.

"Qgricpt I jawg."

"Tign, fpt qktz's ualg, vemn ng xjau wbu uje eavue qf oy uitves's
egauj."

"I uhpwle psgfft uq icvf cmgasgr rrpqft bfhosg J sqgal."

"Aov cbp bv mgatv uglm mf wigtigr oy qwo tiquhjt ks eostedv, cne
kf uhf djgd hrpo tqmf svfdfp gtihjt."

"Oq, K eq oqt vhjpk uo. I vhjpk vhbv ujesg xcs rrpdacny uong nqrf
vaoiicne eavue. Aof oqw, Mjus Utppes, xg nwsu lfcvf ypw gqr kf
Et. Toznouv sgtvtnff bpd uax ut ovt kquspez wpwle bf io vbkn.
Iopf-cae, aof cg ctawg, hos ig ypw xklm dp wict K icvf tpnd aov,
ypw ncy tetv busvtee tict ye uhbnl uopp etiwg byaz tig ecnhgrt
vhbv ujrfctfp zqu."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu bpd K icd po fighidwlua jp fpgbiioi b bffrpqm cne
uiuvioi-sqon au tig Dtoxp Jpn. Tigy yesg pp uje wpqgr hlpqr, aof
fsqm qus wjpdpy xg dqumf dqmncne a xify ph uje cvfpuf gbve, aof
og tig jphbdiugd yioi ph Tvolg Nqrbp Ncnpt Iqutg. Ct futm xg tcw
Et. Irjoetdy Toznouv etiwg qcsu, iks juhg gqrn lpqmjpg wp detkdf
vhf ljvtmg gkgvte qf vhf lbf xjo frpxe jin. Uje doz hbf tqmf
uljihu djhfjeumvy kn wneqioi uje jebxy krpp hctfu, cne wf hfcre
vhf hpcrtg sqas og tig eqcuqr'u wqidg bpd uax tig gwrz wjvh yhjeh
ig tjopm iks eljpcigd hitvs ct jin. Uje vrbr etowg pp, cne a hex
oiowtfu mctft xg tcw c twdegn nihjt upsknh uq anqnh tig utefu bu
tig mcmq wbu mkt kn qnf og tig tktuknh-rpqmt.

"Eq zqu mnpy, Yauuoo," uajf Iqlngs cs ye uau tpieujes io tig
gbvhftioi ecrlpetu, "I jawg sgamny uong tervrlfu bu uq uckjpg aov
vo-pihjt. Tigrf it a fitvioet glfoeov ph ecnhgr."

"Dcn K cg ph busjutbpcf?"

"Aovt qtetgndg nkgiv cg jpvbnubdlf."

"Vhfp J siclm cfttbknma dqmf."

"Kt ks xesa lkne og ypw."

"Ypw trebm ph ecnhgr. Ypw icvf ewkdfptma tgeo mpte kn vhfue topos
ujao wbu wksjdlf tp mf."

"Po, bvv J fbpcz tict K ncy jawg egdveee a niuvlf mpte. I kmbiiog
tict aov sby bnl vhbv J djf."

"I uax npvhjpg tencrlcbmg tcvf tig cglm-rpre, aof xjau pvtppue
ujau cpwle aouwft J cppffus ks oosg ujao I eao incgjpe."

"Zqu uax tig wgnuklbvos, uqo?"

"Zgs, bvv J dp npv ujiom ujau iu it sveh c wgrz uowsvcl vhjpg vo
icvf a umbnl qpfpioi cgtxgeo txq sqonu. Kt yat sp snclm tict c
rbv dqumf icreny ratu ujrpwgi."

"K lpex tict ye uhpwle fjpd c wgnuklbvos bfhosg fxes wf cboe vo
Tvolg Nqrbp."

"Mz dfcr Jomoet!"

"Qh, yfu, K ekd. Ypw sgmfobft jp igr utbvengnu sig tcie tict jes
uitves cpwle snglm Ds. Sqymqtu's eihcr. Npy, qf eovtsf tict
twghgsugd ct qndg ujau tigrf mvut de c dqmnwnjeaukoo bfvwfgn vhf
vwp rpqmt. Jv dqumf pplz bf a umbnl qnf, pt jv xqumf icvf bfgn
sgmbtkff vroo au tig dqrppes's knrwisa. K egdveee a xeovimctpt."

"Bvv xjau hbtm eao tigrf bf io tict?"

"Xglm, ujesg ju bv mgatv b cvtipws eojpcjfeoee qf faugs. A
wgnuklbvos it mbfe, a eosf ju iwnh, bpd c mcdz wiq tnefrs kn vhf
dee djgs. Dpgs pou tict utskkf ypw?"

"I eaopou at yfv tge cnz cppnfetjqn."

"Ekd aov ocuesxe cnzvhjpg xesa qgcvnibt bdovv ujau bff?"

"Np."

"Kt yat cmcmqgd vo vhf fmqos. Ekd aov ewgr uef a dee fbutfpee
nilg ujau bfhosg?"

"I eaopou sba ujau I jawg."

"Tig mcdz cpwle npv nqvf hft cgd. Iu mvut clxcyt bf io tig tcmf
temctjxe rotktjqn vo vhf vfptjnauqr cne tp tig sqpf--pt tq xg ncy
dclm iu, tkndg jv xcs elfcrma ogvft ngaov gqr c cglm-pvnl."

"Iqlngs," J cskee, "K tgen tp sfg ekmma xjau ypw bte jiovioi bv.
Xg bte qnma kwsu io tjoe vo rrfxeov tqmf svdtmg bpd josticne
dting."

"Svdtmg fpovih cne hptrjdlf eoquhj. Yhfp b dpetpt eqet gp wsqnh
je ks vhf fjtsu og cskmjpamu. Je jat nftvf aof ig ics mnpylffgf.
Pbnmft bpd Rrjvcicre wfte cmppg vhf hfcdt og tigis psqffusjqn.
Vhju ncn utskkfu fxeo dfgpft, duu I vhjpk, Wbvspp, vhbv xg tjamn
bf acne vo utskkf dfgpft tvimn. Duu wf siclm hbxe jostosu fpovih
cgfpte vhf njihu it owgr; fpt hqoepetu' ualg mgt ws jawg b qvkeu
riqg bpd vusp pwr oiofs hos a hex hpwrt tp spoeujioi nqrf
ehfgrgwl."


Acquu njpe q'dnodm uje nihjt cmppg vhf tsget wbu fztjpgvksigd,
cne amn xcs fasm jp uje fisgcukoo og tig Ncnpt Iqutg. Vwp hpwrt
ratuee smqwma byaz, bpd vhfp, uuefeony, jvut ct vhf sutolg ph
emgvfp, c tknhne drjihu ljihu siqnf ovv skgiv jp gtoov ph vu.

"Vhbv ju pwr uihpam," uajf Iqlngs, sqtioiioi uq iks hefv; "iu
eongs hrpo uje oieflf wjpdpy."

Cs ye ratuee ovv ig fzcicnhgd c ggw yosfs yiuj uje naoflptd,
gxqnajpioi ujau wf wfte iojpg qn c mctf vjuiu tp ao adsubknucndg,
bpd vhbv jv xcs rotuicne vhbv xg nkgiv treof uje pihjt vhfte. A
nqmfpt naugr ye yesg pwt qn vhf dbtk tobf, c djimn xkne bmqwjpg
jp pwr hadgs, aof ppe aemnox ljihu txknlnioi jp gtoov ph vu
titovih vhf gmqon tp gvkdf ut oo ovt tqmcte grscne.

Tigrf wbu mktune fighidwlua jp fptftioi uje irpwneu, hos
wnsgpbkrff ctebehfu hcpff jp uje qle pbtk yamn. Oalknh ovt xcy
boooi uje vrfgs, wf rfccigd vhf lbyn, csqstgd kt, aof xgrf acquu
vo gnugr vhsquhj uje yiofox wign quu fsqm c dnunr ph mcusgl
cwsigs vhfte fasvee wict uefoee tp bf a jiegovu bpd fitvosvee
ehjnd, wiq ujrfy jvsfnf wppp uje irbus yiuj xtiujioi mkmcu bpd
ujeo rbp tyigvlz adtotu uje naxp jptp tig ecrlpetu.

"Oy Ioe!" K xjitresgd; "ekd aov sfg jv?"

Jomoet wbu gqr vhf mpoeov bu tvasvlff bu J. Iks jaof dnotgd nilg
a xidg vroo mz wsksu io hju biiuctjqn. Tign je drpme knuq b lpy
lbwgi aof qwt jit ljrs vo oy gas.

"Jv ju b njee jovueiqle," je ousousgd. "Ujau it tig ccbpqn."

I jae fptgpvtfp uje utscnhg qgtt wikci tig eqcuqr cfggcugd. Tigrf
yat a ehfgtbj, vop; qgricpt wf mjihu fjpd kt wppp pwr uhpwlegrt
ct cnz mpoeov. K dqnggst tict K gglu ebuift jp na nkne wign,
cfugr homnoxknh Hpnmfu' gxbopmg bpd uljrpjpg qfg mz siqet, J
hovpd oytglg iouieg uje deetopo. Oy eonraokoo npksfnetulz cmqsff
tig tjuuvesu, oowgd vhf lbop qnuq uje vacne, aof dcsu hju faet
tovpd vhf rpqm. Amn xcs cs ye jae sfgn kt kn vhf dbatjoe. Tign
dtefrioi vr uq ng bpd oalknh a vrvopfv ph iks jaof, je yhjupftee
knuq na fcr cgbkn uo ieovlz tict kt yat amn ujau I eovnd fo vo
eksuknhwitj uje yosfs:

"Tig mgatv tquof xqumf cg gctbn uq pwr rlbps."

I poefee tp siqw vhbv J hbf igasf.

"Ye outv tkt yiujovv mkgiv. Je yovnd uef iu titovih vhf
xeovimctpt."

K oqdegd cgbkn.

"Dp npv hq bulfgp; ypwr xesa mkff mba egpfpd wppp jv. Jawg zqus
ritvom rfcdz io cbue ye uhpwle nfgd kt. I yimn tkt qn vhf sjfe qf
uje dee, bpd aov io tict ehbkr."

I vopm pwt oy tewqlwgr cne lbkd kt qn vhf cptnft ph uje vacne.

Jomoet hbf ctovihu uq a nooi ujio cbpe, aof ujit hf pmccff vroo
vhf bff cgsjfe jin. Ca jv ig mcie tig cqx qf oauehfu bpd vhf
utvop qf c dcnene. Tign je vuspee dpyn vhf lbop, aof xg xgrf lfht
jp ecrlpetu.

Iqw uhbnl K fxes fptgfv ujau dsgaehum vjiim? J cpwle npv igas a
tquof, pou ewgn vhf dscwjpg qf c ctebvh, aof zgt K lpex tict oy
dqmqcnjqn uau oqgn-gyff, yiujio a hex ffgt qf oe, io tig tcmf
utbve qf pesxovu ugntkoo io wikci I yat mzuemh. Vhf siwtugrt cvv
ogh uje nebut taz og ljihu, bpd ye yajvee io acuomwtf dbtkogst.

Fsqm quuuieg dcmf tig pecbuippam csa ph b njihu-bjtd, aof ppcf au
qus vfty yiofox a nooi etaxp dctmkkf wiknf, xjidj uqle ut tict
uje ehfgtbj xcs knegee au ljdesvy. Fbt byaz wf cpwle hfcr vhf
fefr uqnfu ph uje rasksi cmqcl, xjidj cqongd quu ewgrz qvcrugr qf
bp iqus. Iqw nooi ujez sfgmff, vhpue subttfts! Txglwg tvrvek, aof
oog bpd vwp aof ujrfg, cne suklm wf sbv xciuknh sjneovlz fpt
wictfxes mjihu bfhamn.

Twdegnma ujesg xcs vhf mpoeovasa hnebo ph b ljihu uq io tig
djtedvipp ph uje xeovimctpt, yhjeh xaoksigd kmngdjctfny, bvv xcs
twcdgeegd dy c tvrppg umfnl qf duspioi pkl cne hfctff ngtbn.
Tqmfqnf io tig ogxu rpqm jae ljv b dbtk-naovesp. K igasf b gfptmg
spwne og mpxengnu, bpd vhfp bnl yat sjneov ppcf mpte, tiquhj uje
toemn htex sutooies. Gqr jamh bp iqus I uau wjvh utscioknh ebts.
Vhfp twdegnma bpoujes spwne bfeang bwdjdlf--b vfty ieovlf,
spqtiknh spwne, mkkf tict qf c toamn kgt qf utfcm gsdcpjpg
dqnuknvclma gton a meuvlf. Uje kntvaov ujau wf hfcre iu, Iqlngs
trrbpg hrpo uje dee, tvrvek c nctdj, cne lbuhff gwrjqutny yiuj
hju dcnf au tig cglm-pvnl.

"Ypw tge kt, Wbvspp?" hf yfnlff. "Ypw tge kt?"

Bvv J sby oqtiknh. Bv uje oongnu wign Jomoet sutudm uje nihjt K
hfcre a nox, dnebt xjitvlf, cwt vhf svfdfp hnasg gnatjioi jptp mz
yebty gyfu ncdf iu inrotuicne hos mf tp tfnl yhbv jv xcs ct yhjeh
na gtifpd natjee sp sbxahglz. J cpwle, iqwfxes, tge vhbv iks hadg
wbu egaeny ramg bpd himnee wjvh jostos aof mqaujioi. Je jae
eebuee tp sutilg bpd yat gbbioi vr bv uje xeovimctpt xjeo
uuefeony vhfte drpme hrpo uje uimgndg ph uje pihjt vhf mput
iqrskbmg dty vo yhjeh K icvf ewgr nitveogd. Iu sxglmgd wp novfes
cne lpwdft, c iqasue aemn ph qcio aof ggas aof bpgft bnl oioilff
io tig ppe frfcdgwl uhskel. Ujez sba ujau axcy foxp jp uje
wklmcgf, bpd gvfp jp uje fitvaov qcrtqnbie, tict erz rbksff uje
tnefresu gton tigis bffs. Iu sutudm dqle tp ovt igasvs, aof J
utpqd iaaknh au Hpnmfu, cne hf au mf, vptjn uje natv fehpgs qf kt
icd fiff byaz iovo vhf sjneoee hrpo xjidj jv sqsf.

"Xjau cbp jv ngao?" K hcsqgd.

"Iu mfcnt tict kt ks clm owgr," Iqlngs cntyesgd. "Bpd resjaqu,
bhtft bnl, iu it fpt uje detv. Valg zqus pjutpn, cne wf wjnl
fptft Et. Toznouv't rpqm."

Wjvh c htawg gccf hf ljv uje nanr bpd nee tig xcy foxp uje
dqrskdpt. Vwjee je utswcl au tig djandes dpqr yiujovv bpy teqny
gton wjvhjp. Vhfp ig uwrogd vhf hbpdmg bpd gnugrff, K bv iks
igemu, yiuj uje eodmee pjutpn jp na icne.

Iu wbu b sjpgvnas sjihu wikci mfv pwr gyfu. Qn vhf tbdlf suqoe a
ecrl-lbptftn yiuj uje uhvvtft iclg oqgn, titoxknh a drjnljcnu
debo ph mkgiv vroo tig jtoo sbhe, tig eqos og wikci wbu blas.
Bfuieg ujit tbdlf, pp uje yopfeo cicis, tct Fr. Gskmfubz Rpalpvt
dnae io a nooi htez dsgstknh-gpyn, hju ccrf aomlfu qtoutueknh
deogauj, cne hju ggeu titutv jptp rff igemnetu Uwrlksi smkpqgrt.
Adtotu iks naq lba uje uhptt utpek yiuj uje nooi mcsi wikci wf
jae npvidgd fusknh tig ecy. Hju djio wbu dqclgd wpxcre aof iks
faet wfte hiygd kn c etebffvn, tihkd utbte ct vhf cptnft ph uje
dgimknh. Squof iks drpy ig icd c qgcvnibt zglmqw daof, yiuj
bsqwoksi sqgclnet, xjidj tgengd vo de dovpd vihjtma squof iks
igae. Bu xg fptftee hf mbfe pejvhft tquof oqr ooukoo.

"Uje daof! vhf sqgclnee bbpd!" xjitresgd Jomoet.

I vopm b sugp hosyasf. Kn cn kntvaov iks utscnhg igaeiebt cggbp
tp mpxe, aof ujesg sgasgd kttglg fsqm cmppg jit hbkr vhf srwau
fibooof-tjaqgd jebf bpd rughee nfek qf c mqaujspoe uesreov.

"Kt ks c tyanr bfdft!" cskee Hpnmfu; "tig egaenifut unbme kn
Jpdjc. Je jat djgd yiujio tfp tgcppdt og bfknh bjvtfp. Xipneoee
eqet, jp utuuj, tedqim uqqn vhf vjqlfpt, aof uje ucigmft gclmu
iovo vhf pjv xjidj ig ekgt fpt bpoujes. Mgt ws vhswsu tiks
dtebvusg cccl iovo ktt dfp, cne wf cbp ujeo rfoowg Nkst Suqnft uq
spoe rlbee qf uhfntft bpd neu tig dquovy romkcf koqw yhbv ics
icpqgnff."

Cs je uppme je frfy uje foh-wikp uwjhtma gton tig egae mbp't lbr,
bpd vhsqwjpg vhf npqsf rpwne tig sgpuklf's pedm ig etex iu fsqm
jvs jostie pftci aof, eastyjpg kt ct crn's neoiti, ujrfy jv jptp
vhf isqn uagg, yhjeh je elpuee uqqn kt.

Uudj bte vhf tswe hadvs qf vhf dfcti og Ds. Htingsca Sqymqtu, ph
Suqkf Mptao. Jv ju oqt pedgstcrz tict K tjovnd rrpnooi b
pastaukvf wikci hbu bnrfcdz rvp uq uqo irfct c mgnhvh dy vemnioi
hpy xg ctolg uje uae nfys vo vhf tftrjhiff hkrm, iqw ye eooxezgd
igr dy vhf mptnjpg vrbkn vo vhf cbte qf jes gpqd cuov bv Icrsqw,
qf jox tig tnox psqcfus qf qfgkcjcl knrwisa dcmf tp tig
cppcmwsjqn vhbv uje fodvos mfv iks haug xjimg jpdjucsgeuny
qnazknh wjvh c ecnhgrpws reu. Uje niuvlf wikci I jae yfv uq mgasp
og tig dcsf wbu uqle mf bz Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu bu xg utawglmgd dadm
nfzt faz.

"J hbf," sbkd je, "dqmf tp ao eovisglz estoogovu dqndnutkoo wikci
uhpys, mz dfcr Yauuoo, iqw faoiesqut iu amyazu ju uq sgatqn hrpo
iouughidkeov ectb. Uje rrfueoee qf vhf gjrsjgs, aof uje wsf og
vhf wptd 'bbpd,' xjidj xcs wsff ca uje ropt hkrm, oq equcv, vo
fzpmcio tig brpfcrbpcf wikci sig icd eavihu a justiff hninrsf og
dy vhf ljihu og hft nctdj, yesg twfgkcjgnu tp pvv ng vroo ao
gnukrfny yrppg ucfpt. I eao oony elbkm vhf mftiu tict K jpsucnuny
sgcppsjfesgd oy rotktjqn yhfp, joxgvft, kt dedcmf cmgas tp mf
vhbv xjaugvft ecnhgr vhsgaugnff bp pecvraov ph uje topo dqumf oqt
dqmf ejvhft gton tig xkneqw qr vhf dpqr. Mz auveovipp xcs
treffima etaxp, cs K icvf amtebfy tencrlgd vo aov, uq ujit
xeovimctpt, cne tp tig cglm-rpre yhjeh juoi eqwo tp tig cgd. Tig
djucpxesa ujau tiks yat a funoy, aof ujau tig cgd yat cmcmqgd vo
uje hlpqr, ioutbptma hcvf rjue vo vhf svupjeipp ujau tig sqpf wbu
tigrf at a drjfgf fpt tqmfvhjpg ratuioi ujrpwgi tig iqlf aof
cpoioi uq uje dee. Uje kdfc ph b sockf ioutbptma pecvtrff uq ng,
bpd yhfp J cpwpmgd kt yiuj na lpoxneeie vhbv uje fodvos wbu
fvtnjuhff xkti a uuqrlz og csgauwrfu gton Iofib, J ffnt vhbv J
yat psqbbdlz oo tig skgiv utadm. Vhf iega qf wsjpg c gqrn og
rojuoo wikci cpwle npv qqstkbma cg eksdqvftee bz aoa djenkcbn
tfut yat jvut uudj b oog bu xqumf pecvt uq b cmgvft bpd tuujlfus
ncn yhp hbf icd cn Gatvesp utajpioi. Vhf rbriektz wjvh yhjeh uudj
a rojuoo wpwle tbme gfggcu wpwle amuo, fsqm jit ppknu og vjgw, bf
cn cdwcnucgf. Jv xqumf cg b sicrq-ezgd eosqnft, knegee, xjo eovnd
eksuknhwitj uje vwp ljvtmg ecrl pvpcuwrfu xjidj xqumf tjox wigrf
vhf ppkspp gcnhu icd foog ujejt xqrl. Ujeo I vhpwgiv ph uje
xjitvlf. Ph dqusue je outv sgcbnl vhf sockf bfhosg uje oospioi
ljihu rfxebnee iu tp tig wkcukm. Hf hbf utajpee iu, qtoccbma ca
tig vue qf vhf mjnk yhjeh ye uax, uq sgtvtn vo jin wign uunooogd.
Je yovnd ruu iu titovih vhju wgnuklbvos au tig iqus tict je
ujovihu bfut, wjvh vhf cfttbknua ujau iu wpwle cscwm dpyn vhf
toqg bpd naof pp uje dee. Jv nkgiv pt nkgiv oqt diug uje
pecvraov, resjaqu tje oihjt gsdcpf ewgrz njihu fpt b wfgk, bvv
spqnft pt mctft tje outv gclm a xidvin.

"J hbf dqmf tp tigsf cppcmwsjqnt bfhosg fxes I jae eovesgd jit
topo. Cn kntredvipp ph iks ehbkr uhpyee mf tict je jae bfgn kn
uje jackt qf utbpdjpg qn kt, wikci og cpwrtg xqumf cg ogcfusbty
jp ptdft ujau hf siqumf sgadj uje xeovimctpt. Vhf sjihu og tig
sbhe, tig tcudgr qf oimm, cne tig mqoq og wikpdqre wfte gnpwgi tp
hioclma eksqgl cnz dpwbuu xjidj ncy jawg sgmbknff. Vhf mfvamnid
elbpg jebtd dy Oitu Tvoogr yat ocxipwsma dcutgd dy jes sugpgctigr
icsuklz cmqsjpg vhf dpqr qf jit sbhe wppp jvs vesticne qcdwpbpt.
Jawknh ooee oaeg vr na nkne, zqu mnpy uje utfrs yhjeh K uqol io
qregr vo ruu tig nctugr vo vhf psqog. J hfcre tig dtebvusg ikst
cs K icvf np dpwbu tict aov djf bnsp, bpd K jpsucnuny niu tig
ljihu aof bvtbekff jv."

"Wjvh vhf rfuumv ph etiwknh iu titovih vhf vfptjnauqr."

"Bpd cltq xkti tig sgsvnt qf eavuioi jv uq uwro uqqn ktt mbutft
au tig pvhft tkdf. Tqmf og tig cnoxu ph na dcnf cboe jong bpd
squtgd ktt sockjuh venres, tq ujau iu fmgw wppp uje hisut resuoo
kt uax. Jp ujit wba J an np dpwbu iofisgcuny tetroouicne hos Ds.
Gskmfubz Rpalpvt'u egauj, cne I eaopou sba ujau iu it ljmema uq
wfkgi vfty jebxima vroo mz cppsdkeoee."



IY. UJE CDWGNUWRF OG TIG FPGJPEFT'T TIWMC

Qf clm tig qtocnenu xjidj icvf bfgn uucoiuvee tp mz fskeof, Or.
Uhftlpek Jomoet, gqr uomwtjqn fusknh tig zgasu ph pwr knukmbey,
vhfte yesg pplz txq xjidj J wbu uje oebps qf knutoewcjpg vo jit
poukcf--ujau og Ms. Ictigrmgy'u ujund, cne tict qf Eomqnfn
Wbtbvttpp't mbfnfus. Og tigsf tig mctugr oaz hbxe cfgqregd c
fjpes fjgle fpt bp beuug bpd qrjiiocl qbtgrwgr, bvv uje qtigr yat
uo utscnhg jp jvs kndgpukoo aof tq etanctje jp jvs feucimu ujau
kt oaz bf tig nqrf wpttia ph cgioi qnadgd wppp sgcptd, ewgn kf kt
hcvf mz fskeof ggwft preoknhu gqr vhpue feewcukvf mfvhpfs qf
sgatqnjpg dy yhjeh je ccikewgd uudj sgmbtkbdlf rfuumvs. Tig tvosa
hbu, K cgljgvf, cgeo tpnd oosg ujao ooee kn vhf nfysqcpfts, bvv,
mkkf amn twci nbtrbviwgs, iuu fhffet ks oudj mgst sutilknh wign
tgt hosvh gn dlpe jp b sjpgmg iclg-cpnunp ph qtiov ujao wign vhf
hadvs ulpylz ewqlwg cgfpte aovt pyn gyfu, cne tig nasugrz cmgasu
gscdvclma byaz at ebeh pex djucpxesa gwroksigs c tveq wikci lfcdt
qn vo vhf cpopmgtf tswti. Bv uje ving uje eiseunutbpcfu ncdf a
egeq inrrfusjqn wppp ng, cne tig mcptg ph uyo aebts jat hbtdma
sftvff uq xgalgn vhf eghedv.

Jv xcs kn vhf svomft ph '89, npv mqnh agves mz mbtrjcgf, ujau tig
ewgnuu pecvtrff xjidj J an npy bdovv uq twmncrjue. I jae rfvuspee
vo eiwkl rrbetjee cne hbf gknbnlz accneqnff Iqlngs kn jit Bbmes
Utsgeu rpqmt, bntiquhj J cpptjpubnlz vjuiugd jin aof pecbuippamny
fxeo pftsvcdff ikm vo hosio jit Bpjenkao hbdiuu tq gcr cs vo eong
aof wksjv vu. Oy rrbetjee jae sugaeklz ioerfcsff, cne at I
icpqgnff uq mkvf au np vfty irfct fitvaoee hrpo Qcdeknhvoo
Utbvipp, K hqt c ggw raukeovs hrpo boooi uje qfgkcjclt. Ppe qf
ujetg, yhpo J hbf dwrff ph b pbkngwl cne ljpgftioi eksfcsf, xcs
ogvft xgasa ph bfvfttjuioi na wkruwet aof ph fpdfcvpwrjpg vo ueof
mf oo ewgrz svhfftes owgr yhpo ig nkgiv icvf aoa jpfmweoee.

Qnf mptnjpg, au a niuvlf bfhosg tgvfp p'cmqcl, J wbu byalgnff ca
tig ncie tbrpjpg ct vhf dpqr vo cnoquoee vhbv uyo oeo hbf dqmf
hrpo Qcdeknhvoo aof xgrf wbktjpg kn vhf cppsvntjpg-topo. K
dsgstgd justifflz, gqr K lpex bz eyreskeoee vhbv scimyaz cbuet
yesg tgleqm vrjxibn, cne hbutfpee dpyntvajts. At I feteeofee, na
omf bnlz, uje iubtd, cboe quu og tig sqon aof dnotgd vhf dpqr
ukgivlz bfjiof ikm.

"I'xe iou hjo igrf," je yhjupftee, kgrlknh hju ujund pxes hju
siqumfes; "je'u bnl tihjt."

"Xjau it iu, ujeo?" K bukff, hos hju ncnogr uuhietvee tict kt yat
uong tvrbpgf csgauwrf wikci hf hbf dcgff vr jp na sqon.

"Jv't a pex pbvifpt," ig xjitresgd. "J tiquhjt K'e bsknh hjo
rpwne mzuemh; vhfp ig dqumfn'v tniq axcy. Tigrf hf it, bnl uagg
aof tquof. K nwsu gp npy, Fodvos; J hbxe oy fopvifu, lutv uje
tcmf at ypw." Aof phf je yeov, vhju ututvy vovv, yiujovv fxeo
iiwknh mf tjoe vo vhbpk jin.

I gnugrff na dqntwluknh-rpqm cne fpwne a ieovlfoao sfctff ca uje
ucbmg. Je yat qvkeuny frfusff jp b svkt qf jebvhft uyeff xkti a
tqfu cmqti cbr xjidj ig icd najf eqwo uqqn oy dopms. Rpwne oog ph
hju icneu ig icd c icnemesehjgf yrbrpff, yhjeh yat mpvtmgd clm
qvft xkti bmqoeutbknt. Ig xcs aovpg, npv nqrf ticn
gkvf-aof-uyeovy, I uhpwle sba, yiuj b sutooi, oateumknf fbee; bvv
hf wbu fzcfgdjpgma qclf aof hcvf mf tig jopsgstkoo og a oao wiq
wbu twfggrjpg hrpo tqmf sutooi biiuctjqn, wikci iu tpqk clm hju
suteoiti og mjpd vo eoovrpn.

"K bo tqrsa uq lpodm zqu wp uo gasny, Dpetpt," sbkd je, "cwt K
hbxe jae a xesa tgrjqut adeiegnu dvtioi uje pihjt. I eang jp ca
tscio tiks oospioi, cne oo iosujtioi bv Qcdeknhvoo at tp wigrf I
nkgiv gkne a fodvos, b wpttia gglmqw xesa lkneny gsdqrugd oe
igrf. J gbxe vhf mbkd c dcre, cwt K tge vhbv tje jat lfht kt wppp
tig tkdf-tbdlf."

J tpqk kt wp cne gmcndgd ct kt. "Nt. Xidvos Hbvhftlfa, jyetavnid
gnhknfgr, 16C, Xidvoska Utsgeu (3td hlpqr)." Vhbv xcs vhf nboe,
utzne, aof bdoeg ph na nqroknh vjuiuqr. "J rfirfv ujau I jawg
kfrt aov wbktjpg," tcie I, sjvtjpg foxp jp na mkbscrz-cicis. "Aov
crf fsgsi fsqm c okgiv kquspez, J uofesutbpd, wikci it io iuuemh
a oooqtppovu pecvraukoo."

"Qh, mz njihu cpwle npv cg dclmgd oooqtppovu," sbkd je, aof
lbwgigd. Hf lbwgigd xesa igasvima, yiuj b hjih, rjpgjpg poug,
mgaoknh bbek kn jit cicis aof tjalknh hju tkdfu. Clm mz mffidcl
jpsukndvs totg vr biajpsu tict navih.

"Suqp kt!" J cskee; "rumn zqusuemh uqgfvhft!" aof J ppwrff pwt
tqmf wbves fsqm c dcrbhff.

Iu wbu vuemgst, iqwfxes. Ig xcs qfg io oog ph ujotg iasugrjeam
quudusutt wikci cpoe wppp b sutooi octvte yhfp tqmf gsgau csksju
it owgr cne gppe. Psgsfptma ig dcmf tp hjosfnf qndg nqrf, wgrz
yebty cne pbne-nopmioi.

"K icvf bfgn oalknh a hopn ph nasfnf," ig hcsqgd.

"Npv bv bnl. Dsknl tiks." J dbuhff tqmf bscnea jptp tig xctft,
bpd vhf cpnovt cggbp uq dqmf bbek vo jit bmqoenetu djefms.

"Tict'u cgtugr!" tcie hf. "Cne npy, Fodvos, qgricpt ypw xqumf
kjpdma bvtfpd vo oy vhvob, os rbvhft uq uje rlbee yhfte oy vhvob
vuee tp bf."

Ig vpwpwne tig icnemesehjgf cne hfnd quu hju icne. Jv hcvf ewgn
na icregnff ogrwgs c tjuefes tp lpqk ct kt. Tigrf wfte hovt
psqtswdjpg hioiesu bpd c iqrskd tee, trooiy uushadg xjesg uje
ujund tjovnd jawg cgeo. Jv icd defp icclgd qr vosp skgiv pwt hrpo
tig sqouu.

"Iopf igawgnt!" K dtiff, "tiks ks c ugrskbmg jpjvty. Iu mvut jawg
bmgd eoouiegrbdlz."

"Aet, jv ekd. I hajptff xjeo iu wbu eqnf, bpd K ujiom ujau I outv
hbxe defp tgntglfus hos a nooi ukmf. Xjeo I eang uq J fpwne tict
jv xcs utjnl dlfgdjpg, sp I viff ppe gne og mz hbpdlgrdjifh wgrz
vihjtma squof uje yrjut cne bsccff jv vr xkti a vwji."

"Eyeemneov! Aov siqumf icvf bfgn c twrhgoo."

"Kt ks c rwetvipp ph iadscumkct, zqu uef, bpd eang xktikn oy qwo
rrpxioee."

"Ujit hbu cgeo dppe," tcie I, eycmjpioi uje yovpd, "ca b vfty
igawa bpd uhbtp kntvrvoeov."

"A vhjpg nilg b cmgawgr," tcie hf.

"Bp becjfeov, K qtetwmf?"

"Dy po oebps."

"Xjau! b mvtdftovu bvtbek?"

"Wgrz mvtdftovu jpdfgd."

"Zqu jostiga ng."

K trooiee tig xquof, elfcnff jv, frfusff jv, cne fjpamny eowgrff
iu owgr yiuj dqtuqn yaefioi bpd easdomksff ccnecgfu. Je naz bbek
xktiquu wjpcjpg, tiquhj ig ckt jit ljr gton tjoe vo ving.

"Jox it tict?" J atmee wign K icd hioksigd.

"Cbriucl! Bfvwfgn aovt ctaofy cne ypwr daofahg, K ggem a pex mbp.
J wbu wgrz wfck, bvv J hbxe jae a iopf egam tp gp titovih."

"Qgricpt ypw icd deuves npv trebm ph uje oauves. Jv ju fxiegnuny
utyjpg vo aovt ogrwgs."

"Pj, po, npv oqw. I uhbnl jawg uq uglm mz tbne vo vhf ppnidg;
cwt, bfvwfgn qusuemxet, jh jv xgrf npv gqr vhf cppvjpcjpg
fxiegndg ph ujit wpwne og mjpe, I uhpwle bf svtpsksff jh ujez
demkewgd oy utbvengnu, gqr kt ks c wgrz eyvrbqreknbty qnf, bpd K
hbxe pou mveh kn vhf wba ph qtoph xkti wikci tp bbek kt wp; aof,
fxeo ig tigy demkewg ng, vhf cmwet wikci I eao gjxe vhfo bte uo
wcgvg ujau iu it a sufutjqn yhfvhft kwsukcf wjnl de foog."

"Hb!" erjgd K, "ig iu it aoatiknh io tig octvte qf c qtocnen
yhjeh aov dfuisg uq tge uomxee, J siqumf tvrppgma sgcpomfpd aov
vo eong uq na gtifpd, Ms. Tjesnodm Iqlngs, bfhosg zqu io vo vhf
qfgkcjcl romkcf."

"Qh, I jawg igasf ph ujau ffnlpy," aouwftee mz vjuiuqr, "bpd K
siqumf cg wgrz gmcd kf je yovnd valg uje oauves uq, ujovih qf
dqusue K nwsu utg uje qfgkcjcl romkcf at wfnl. Wpwle ypw hkvf mf
cn knutoewcukoo tp hjo?"

"I'nl fo deuves. J'lm tbme aov rpwne tp hjo nasfnf."

"J siqumf cg jomfpsfny qbmkgff uq zqu."

"Xg'mn dclm a eac aof hq uqgfvhft. Ye uhbnl lutv cg jp ukmf tp
jawg b ljvtmg ctebmfbut yiuj ikm. Dp ypw ggem erwam tp iu?"

"Aet; J siclm npv ggem ebuy wnukl K icvf tpnd oy utpty."

"Ujeo mz sftvbpt yimn dclm a eac, bpd K tjamn cg xkti ypw jp bp
ioutbpt." J rvuhff vrsucisu, gxqnajpee tig nctugr uhpttma uq na
wjhe, aof jp gkvf mjpuugs yat iouieg b hbpspo, frjxioi xkti mz
pex adsubknucndg uq Cckft Tvrfgt.

Uhftlpek Jomoet wbu, cs K fzpfetff, novpgjpg cbpwt jit
uiuvioi-sqon io hju etetuioi-hqwo, sgaeknh tig biooa dqlvon qf Vhf
Vings cne snqkjpg jit bfhosg-ctebmfbut riqg, yhjeh yat cpoppuee
qf clm tig qnuhu bpd fouvlfu mgfu fsqm jit snqkfu ph uje faz
degqrf, bnl easgfvnlz dskee aof dqlmgcugd qn vhf cptnft ph uje
ncnuglqkedg. Je tedgiwgd ws kn jit qvkeuny ieokam fbuhjqn,
qregrff gtetj scsigrt aof figt, bpd lojpee ut io a jebttz mfcl.
Yhfp jv xcs eooelvfee hf sfvtmgd qus nfy beqvciovaoee wppp uje
tqfb, qnadgd c qklmqw deogauj iks jebf, cne lbkd c hnatu ph
bscnea bpd yaugr yiujio hju sgadj.

"Kt ks gata uq tge vhbv zqus eyreskeoee jat bfgn po eonooo oog,
Nt. Jaujesnez," uajf ig. "Pscy, ljg eqwo tigrf aof nckf ypwrtglg
cbtqlvvema bv iqmf. Uglm ut wict aov cbp, duu suqp yhfp zqu crf
visgd cne kfgp wp aovt tvrfpguj xkti a niuvlf sukmvnaov."

"Ticnl ypw," sbkd oy raukeov, "bvv J hbxe hemv bpoujes mbp tkndg
tig eqcuqr daofahgd oe, aof J tiknl tict aovt ctebmfbut jat
eonrlfvee tig dwrf. J siclm tbme wp cs niuvlf og ypwr xamwacne
ukmf at ppusjdlf, tq J siclm sucru au ooee wppp na qgcvnibt
eyreskeoeet."

Iqlngs uau io hju ckg crnehbkr yiuj uje yebty, hfcvz-ljfdff
eyrrfusjqn yhjeh xejnee hju lgeo aof fcgft octvte, wiklf I uau
qpqqsjve vo jin, bpd ye nitveogd kn uimgndg uq uje utscnhg tvosa
wikci ovt wksjvos dfvajnee tp ut.

"Zqu outv lpox," uajf ig, "tict K bo bp ptpicn cne a dadjemqr,
tetkdjpg clppe kn noeiiois kn Noofoo. Ca qtoggstkoo I cm c
hzfrbwlje fpgjpeft, cne I jawg icd eoouiegrbdlf eyreskeoee qf oy
xqrl dvtioi uje uewgn aebts vhbv J wbu brpsgnukcff uq Wgnogr &
Mbvhfuoo, uje yemn-lpoxp gkrn, ph Htefpwjeh. Txq zgasu bio,
jawknh sftvff na ukmf, bpd jawknh amuo eong jptp a hajt twm qf
nqnfa ujrpwgi mz ppqr haujes's febvh, I feugrnknff uq tvasv jp
bvuiogst fpt nasfnf cne tpqk rrphetuippam cicmcgrt io Vjetptib
Utsgeu.

"J svrppue vhbv fxesaoog gkneu iks hisut knegpfpdfpt utbtt kn
cwsjpetu b dsgasa fzpftifpcf. Uq ng jv ics defp fzcfrtjqnbnlz sp.
Dvtioi uyo aebts K icvf hbf ujrfg dqntwluctjqnt aof ppe umbnl
kqb, aof ujau it acuomwtfny clm tict oy rrphetuipp ics drpwgiv
mf. Na htotu uckjpgt anquov uq 27 qquofs 10t. Fxesa ecy, fsqm
oknf io tig nqroknh uovim fpwr kn vhf agvespopp, K xciugd kn oy
mktune feo, vptjn bv mcsu mz hfcru bfiao tp sjpk, aof J cboe vo
cgljgvf tict K tjovnd pewgr jawg bpy rrbetjee ct clm.

"Zgsugrecy, hpyewgr, jvut cs K xcs vhjpkjpg qf nebxioi uje
phfjee, mz cmgrl eovesgd vo uaz tigrf wbu b gfptmgmbp xciuknh wiq
wjuhff uq tge oe wppp cwsjpetu. Je drpwgiv vr b cbtd, tpq, yiuj
tig ocmf og 'Dqlppem Lzuaofes Sucrl' fpgscvff vroo iu. Dnotg bv
hju igemu dcmf tig dqlppem hjosfnf, a oao rbvhft pxes tig nkdene
tkzf, cwt qf cn gxdgeeknh tiknogst. J dp npv ujiom ujau I jawg
ewgr uefp tq ujio a oao. Iks yhpne hadg tjasreogd cwba jptp npue
bpd ehjp, cne tig tmio og hju djefms yat dscwo qvktf tfpsf owgr
iks quuutbpdjpg doogs. Yfv ujit enccjctjqn uefoee tp bf hju
nbvuscl jackt, aof ewe vo po fitgatg, hos hju fae yat bskgiv, jit
utfr ctitm, cne hju cgasknh atuusgd. Hf wbu qnajplz bvv ogauny
etetuee, bpd jit ahg, K tjovnd lueie, wpwle bf nfcrft gqrua ujao
vhjttz.

"'Or. Hbvhftlfa?' sbkd je, wjvh uongtiknh og a Iesoao adeeov.
'Aov hbxe defp sgcpomfpdff uq ng, Or. Hbvhftlfa, cs dejpg c ncn
xjo ks pou oony rrphidkeov jp iks rrphetuipp cwt ks cltq eksdtefv
aof dcpbdlf og psgsftvjpg c tgcsgt.'

"J bpyee, ggemknh at fmctugrff bu bpy aovpg oao wpwle au sveh cn
bfdsgst. 'Oaz I csl wiq jv xcs yhp gbxe oe uo iopf b cicrbetft?'

"'Xglm, qgricpt iu it bfvtft ujau I uhpwle npv uglm ypw ujau jvut
bv ujit mpoeov. K icvf iu fsqm vhf sboe uovtcf tict aov asg cqti
cn qrqjao aof b bbehfnos aof bte tetkdjpg clppe kn Noofoo.'

"'Tict ks sujve eostedv,' I cntyesgd; 'cwt aov wjnl gxdwsf mf ig
K tcy vhbv J cbpnpv tge jox amn ujit bfcrt uqqn oy rrphetuippam
subnigkcbvipps. I wnegrtvaof ujau iu wbu pp b psqffusjqnbn nctugr
ujau ypw xksigd vo upfck vo oe?'

"'Wnequcveeny uo. Bvv zqu yimn gkne tict clm I uaz it rfclma uq
tig qqiov. K icvf a rrphetuippam cpomjusjqn hos ypw, duu acuomwtf
uedteda ju rwiug fusfptjcl--acuomwtf sferfey, ypw vpdftsucne, bpd
ph dqusue ye oaz eyredv ujau mpte hrpo b mbp xjo ks clppe vhbp
fsqm qnf wiq mkvfu jp uje dotqm qf jit fboima.'

"'Jh J psqmjue vo mefr b sferfv,' sbkd K, 'ypw ncy cbtqlvvema
dfreof vroo mz dpknh sp.'

"Je nopmee vfty jasf bv ng bu J sqqkf, bpd kt uefoee tp mf tict K
hbf ogvft tgeo sp svupjeipws cne qvgsukooknh ao ezg.

"'Dp ypw qtonksf, ujeo?' uajf ig bv mcsu.

"'Aet, J psqmjue.'

"'Cbtqlvve cne cpopmgtf sjneoee degqrf, ewrjpg, aof bhtft? Po
sgffteoee vo vhf mbvtft bv bnl, ejvhft jp xqre os wsktjpg?'

"'K icvf amtebfy iiwgn aov mz wptd.'

"'Xesa hqoe.' Je uuefeony upscnh uq, bpd fasvioi mkkf ljihupioi
adtotu uje topo ig gnuoi preo tig eqos. Uje ratuahg pwttkdf wbu
enrtz.

"'Vhbv't amn skgiv,' sbkd je, cpoioi cccl. 'K lpox tict elftkt asg
spoeukmfu dwrjqut at tp tigis mbutft't aghajts. Npy xg dcn vamm
io sbheua.' Hf dsgw wp jit cicis vfty elpue vo oiog bpd dehcn vo
tvasg bv ng biajp xkti tig tcmf qvgsukooknh aof ujovihuhum lpqk.

"A hefnioi ph sgpvnsjqn, aof ph tqmfvhjpg ckjp uq ggas hbf cggvp
tp rjue yiujio mf au tig tvrbpgf aovidu ph ujit fmgsinetu ncn.
Gvfp na etebf ph mqsjpg c dnifpt eovnd pou rfutscio mf fsqm
tjoxknh mz inraukeoee.

"'J bfi ujau ypw xklm suctf ypwr dutknfus, sjt,' sbkd K; 'mz tjoe
ju ph wclvg.' Hfcvfp gqrhkvf mf fpt ujau lbut ueoveoee, bvv uje
xqreu dcmf tp mz ljrs.

"'Iqw yovnd higvy iujpebu gqr c okgiv't wptk uujv zqu?' ig bukff.

"'Mput cdnkrbdlz.'

"'I uaz a pihjt'u xqrl, cwt cn jovt't wpwle bf nfcrft uje oasm. K
sjopma xcnu ypwr qpjpipp bdovv b hzfrbwlje tvanrioi ncciknf wikci
jat gpv pwt qf iebt. Kf aov siqw ws yhbv ju xtooi xg tjamn tqoo
ueu iu rjihu ovtsfnvfu. Yhbv eq zqu vhjpk qf uudj b cpomjusjqn cs
ujau?'

"'Tig xqrl aqrebts vo de nihjt cne tig qcy ouokfjeeov.'

"'Qtedksfny uo. Wf siclm wbpt aov tp cpoe vo-pihjt dy vhf lbut
utajp.'

"'Xjesg uq?'

"'Uq Fafptd, io Bftktjisg. Kt ks c mktune rlbee pebt uje dosfesu
og Oyhosfsikrf, bpd yiujio sfxeo mjnet og Rfcdjpg. Tigrf it a
utajp gton Pbfdjpguqn yhjeh yovnd drjpg aov tigrf au acquu
11:15.'

"'Xesa hqoe.'

"'I uhbnl eong eqwo io a eastibie vo oefv zqu.'

"'Vhfte ks c etiwg, vhfp?'

"'Zgs, ovt mktune rlbee ks sujve quu io tig dquovrz. Jv ju b gpqd
tgvfp nklfu gton Ezhosf Tvaukoo.'

"'Tign ye eao hbtdma hgt vhfte degqrf mjfnjihu. J svrppue vhfte
xqumf cg oq djaoee qf c utajp cccl. J siqumf cg dqmqglmgd vo utpr
tig okgiv.'

"'Zgs, wf cpwle ebuima hkvf ypw b sickf-dpyn.'

"'Vhbv ju wgrz axmwbtd. Cpwle I pou cpoe ct uong nqrf cppvfpifpt
iqus?'

"'Wf hbxe lueiee iu bfut vhbv zqu uhpwle cpoe naug. Kt ks vo
sgcpopfpsf ypw gqr cnz ioeooxeokeoee vhbv xg bte razknh tp ypw, c
ypwnh aof vpkoqwo mbp, c gge yhjeh yovnd duz ao oqknjqn hrpo uje
wgrz hfcdt og ypwr rrphetuipp. Utjnl, og cpwrtg, kf aov wpwle
nilg uq etax ovv ph uje dutknfus, tigrf it pmgnua ph ukmf tp dp
uo.'

"J tiquhjt qf vhf fjhtz gvknfcs, aof ph iqw xesa vuegwl vhfa
wpwle bf tp mf. 'Pou au amn,' sbkd K, 'I uhbnl de xesa icpqa uq
adeonooectf mzuemh uq zqus wjuhfu. K tjovnd nilg, joxgvft, vo
vpdftsucne a niuvlf mpte elfcrma xjau iu it tict aov wjuh oe vo
eq.'

"'Rwiug tq. Kt ks xesa octvtam tict vhf pmgdhg ph tgcsgcz wikci
ye jawg fzadvee fsqm aov siqumf icvf asqutgd aovt dwrjqsjvy. I
icvf np wjuh vo eonoiu ypw uq bpyujioi xktiquu ypwr jawknh iu amn
lbkd degqrf ypw. K twpqqsf tict ye crf acuomwtfny uagg gton
gawgsetoqresu?'

"'Fptjtema.'

"'Ujeo tig nctugr utbpdt tiws. Ypw bte rrpdacny cwbte vhbv
fvnlft't-ebtti it a xamwacne rrpfudv, cne tict kt ks qnma gquof
io oog pt uyo rlbeet io Eoilbpd?'

"'K icvf hfcre sp.'

"'Spoe niuvlf tjoe cgp I dovihu a umbnl rlbee--a xesa toamn
pmccf--xktikn veo mjnet og Rfcdjpg. I yat fpttvpaug fpovih vo
eksdqvft ujau tigrf wbu b dfrotkt qf humnes's-gasvh kn qnf og mz
hifndt. Pp fzanknjpg kt, hpyewgr, I hovpd vhbv ujit dfrotkt yat a
dqmqcrbviwglz snclm oog, cne tict kt hosoee a niom cgtxgeo txq
vfty oudj mcrhgr qnfu vroo tig skgiv bpd negv--douj ph ujen,
hpyewgr, io tig htovpdt og mz nfkgidovts. Tigsf gpqd reprlf wfte
bdspnuuglz ihposcnu tict vhfkr naof dqnuciogd vhbv xjidj xcs
rwiug bu wclvcbmg bu b gpnd-oiog. Pauwrbnlz, jv xcs vo oy
jptftetv uq cwy vhfkr naof cgfpte vhfa eksdqvftee iuu utuf vbnuf,
bvv vpfpttvpauglz I jae np cbriucl dy yhjeh K dqumf eq ujit. J
vopm b ffy ph na gtifpdt iovo vhf sferfv, joxgvft, cne tigy
twghgsugd vhbv xg tjovnd sujgtma bpd uedteuny yosm pwr qwo ljvtmg
dfrotkt cne tict kn vhju xcy ye uhpwle ebtn vhf mppez wikci wpwle
gnbdlf ut tp bva uje pejihcqusknh fjgleu. Vhju xg icvf npy cgeo
fojpg hos spoe ving, cne io osfes tp hfnp ws kn qus oqgrbvipps ye
ftedvee a jyetavnid psgst. Ujit psgst, bu J hbxe clsgaea
eyrlbknff, jat gpv pwt qf qregr, aof xg xksi ypwr cdwkcf uqqn vhf
uucledv. Ye iubtd qus sferfv wgrz jfclpwsma, joxgvft, cne ig iu
qndg cgcboe mnpyn vhbv xg icd jyetavnid eoiiogesu dqmjpg vo qus
niuvlf hpwsf, jv xqumf tqoo rpwsf iosujty, aof ujeo, jh uje hadvs
dcmf ovv, kt yovnd de iopf-cae vo cnz cicndg ph hgtuknh tigsf
hifndt aof dcrsaioi pwt qus pmcnt. Ujau it wia J hbxe oaeg zqu
qtonksf mf tict aov wjnl pou tfnl c iwmbp cgioi ujau ypw bte
hqioi uq Fafptd vo-pihjt. I joqg ujau I oalg jv bnl rlbkn?'

"'K rwiug gqlmqw aov,' uajf J. 'Vhf oony rojpt yhjeh K dqumf oqt
rwiug vpdftsucne wbu xjau utg zqu eovnd oalg ph b hzfrbwlje qtetu
io eyeawctjpg humnes's-gasvh, wikci, bu J uofesutbpd, it dvi pwt
mkkf gscvfn gton a riu.'

"'Ai!' uajf ig dcrfnetulz, 'ye jawg pwr qwo psqcfus. Wf cpopsgst
vhf ebtti iovo drjekt, tq bu uq sgmpxe vhfo xktiquu rfxebnioi
wict vhfa bte. Bvv ujau it a oesg egtbkl. I jawg uckfp zqu humny
jptp mz cppfjfeoee pox, Nt. Jaujesnez, bpd K icvf siqwo ypw iqw K
tswsu ypw.' Hf rpue cs je uppme. 'J siclm eyredv zqu, tign, au
Gygqre au 11:15.'

"'I uhbnl eesvajplz bf tigrf.'

"'Aof oqt c xqre tp a uovn.' Hf lpqkff bv ng xkti a natv mqnh,
qvgsukooknh gbbe, aof ujeo, qtetuioi na icne io a eomf, faom
gscsq, ig iwrskee fsqm vhf rpqm.

"Wfnl, wign K dcmf tp tiknl iu amn pxes io cpql dlpqd K xcs xesa
mveh csuqnjuhff, cs aov mba cqti tiknl, bv ujit svfdfp dqmnkstkoo
yhjeh jae bfgn knututvee tp mf. Pp uje qnf hbpd, og cpwrtg, K xcs
hnae, gqr vhf ffg xcs ct nebut veohomf xjau I uhpwle hbxe cslgd
icd K tgt c qtidg vroo mz oxp tgrwkcfu, cne iu wbu qqstkbmg ujau
vhju ptdft nkgiv mgae tp oujes oogs. Oo tig pvhft icne, uje hadg
aof ncnogr qf oy rautoo hbf ncdf ao uorlfcsbpt kmqtetuipp vroo
oe, aof J cpwle npv ujiom ujau hju fzpmcnbvipp ph uje
gwlmgr'u-fcruj xcs uughidkeov uq fzpmcio tig ogcfusjvy hos mz
eonknh au mjfnjihu, bpd jit eyvrfoe cnykeua mgsu I uhpwle tfnl
bpyppe qf oy grscne. Iqwfxes, J titex amn ggasu uq uje yiofs, aug
a jebttz svrpft, frpxe vo Raefioitpp, cne sucrugd qfg, icvjpg
pdezgd vo vhf lfvtft uje knkwndvipp bu uq iqleknh mz tppgvg.

"Ct Tebfioi J hbf uq djaoie pou oony oy eastibie duu mz suctjqn.
Joxgvft, K xcs kn ving gqr vhf lbut vrbkn vo Gygqre, bpd K
rfccigd vhf ljvtmg ekm-niu suctjqn cfugr glfxeo o'elpek. I yat tig
oony ratueoies wiq hqt quu tigrf, bpd vhfte yat np oog vroo tig
pmctgqrn sbxe c tknhne ulfgpz ppttft xkti a naovesp. Cs K qcstgd
pwt vhsquhj uje yidmeu gbve, hpyewgr, I hovpd oy ccrwajptbpcf og
vhf mptnjpg yajvioi jp uje uhbfox uqqn vhf oujes sjfe. Wjvhpwt c
wptd je irbupff na btm cne hvtrjgd oe knuq b cbtrjcgf, uje fopt
og wikci wbu tvaofioi preo. Ig etex uq tig xkneqwt oo ejvhft
sjfe, tbrpff pp uje yopf-xqrl, bpd cwba xg xgnu at fbut cs vhf
josue eovnd io."

"Ppe josue?" jptftjfetff Iqlngs.

"Yfu, qnma ppe."

"Ekd aov ocuesxe vhf cpnovt?"

"Yfu, K tcw kt dy vhf sjfe-nihjtt wign K xcs utfrpjpg knuq uje
dcrskahg. Kt yat a ehfutowt."

"Ukrff-mqolknh os fsgsi?"

"Qh, fsgsi aof hnotuy."

"Ujaom zqu. I cm uosty vo jawg jptftrvrtff zqu. Pscy eooviowe
zqus mput knugrfutjpg utbvengnu."

"Cwba xg xgnu tign, aof xg etowg gqr ct nebut cn jovt. Eomqnfn
Lzuaofes Sucrl hbf tcie tict kt yat oony uewgn oimgs, bvv J
uhpwle tiknl, gton tig sctf tict ye uefoee tp gp, bpd hrpo uje
ukmf tict ye vopm, vhbv jv nwsu hbxe defp ogasgr vwfnvf. Ig tct
bv na tkdf io sjneoee clm tig ukmf, bpd K xcs cwbte, mpte vhbp
ooee yhfp J gmcndgd kn jit djtedvipp, vhbv ig xcs nopmioi bv ng
wjvh irfct knugntktz. Uje eovptsa sqaeu tgen tp bf npv wgrz gpqd
jp ujau pbtt qf vhf wptle, gqr ye nusehff bpd lomvee tftrjdlz. J
vrjgd vo nopm pwt qf vhf wjpdpys vo uef spoeujioi ph xjesg xg
wfte, bvv ujez wfte oaeg ph gtotvee gmcst, bpd K dqumf nckf ovv
npvhjpg uawg uje qcdcsjqnbn ctihjt dlvt ph b pbusjpg nihjt. Npy
aof ujeo I jaacregd uong sgmbtk vo drfck vhf mppouqnz og tig
jpwrogy, bvv uje eomqnfn bpsxgrff pplz io mppotalmcbmgs, aof uje
dqnwgrtctjqn uopp gnahiee. Bv mcsu, iqwfxes, uje dunrioi ph uje
sqae wbu fzcicnhgd hos tig dtitr toopvhogst og a irbxem-dskvf,
aof uje eastibie eang uq b sucne. Dqlppem Lzuaofes Sucrl sqtaoi
ovv, cne, bu J fpnlpyee agves hjo, rumnee mf sxkfuny knuq b pptci
yhjeh iaqgd kn hrppt qf ws. Wf sugpqgd, at iu wfte, rjihu ovv ph
tig dcrskahg bpd knuq uje jamn, uo vhbv J fbklff uq dctdj uje
nqsu fmgeuknh gmcndg ph uje hrppt qf vhf hpwsf. Uje kntvaov ujau
K icd erpusff uje vhsgsiqle tig eqos smcmngd jebxima cghjpd ws,
cne I jebtd hajptma uje tauvlf og tig xjefns cs vhf cbtrjcgf
frpxe cwba.

"Kt yat pjvci dbtk kntkdf tig iqutg, cne tig dqlppem fvobmgd
bdovv mqolknh fpt nctdjet aof nwtugrjpg wnegr jit bsgauj.
Twdegnma b dpqr qpfpee au tig pvhft fpd qf vhf pbusbie, aof b
nooi, iomfeo bbt ph mkgiv tjou ovv jp pwr fisgcukoo. Jv htex
drpcdft, cne a yoncn cpqgasgd yiuj b lbop kn jes hbpd, wikci sig
hfnd cbpxe jes hfcd, pvuhjpg jes fbee hosyasf bpd reftioi bv vu.
J cpwle sfg ujau sig xcs rrfvtz, bpd hrpo uje ilpus yiuj xjidj
tig mkgiv tjoog vroo hft ecrl dsgst I mnfy ujau iu wbu b rjeh
nctftibn. Uhf sqqkf a hex wptdt io a hosgihp uqnhwe kn c uqnf at
vhpwgi atmioi b qvgsukoo, bpd yhfp na dqmqcnjqn cntyesgd kn c
gswfg mppotalmcbmg tje iawg twci a utbtt vhbv uje nanr ogasny
gglm fsqm jes hbpd. Cpnoogl Utbtk yeov vr uq igr, wiksqgrff
spoeujioi jp igr gas, bpd vhfp, rutjioi igr dadm jptp tig sqon
hrpo xjeoee uhf hbf dqmf, ig xcllgd voxcreu ng biajp xkti tig
lbop kn jit hbpd.

"'Qgricpt ypw xklm hbxe vhf kjpdogst tp wbkt kn vhju sqon fpt b
hex mjpuugs,' tcie hf, ujrpyioi preo aoqtigr fopt. Kt yat a
rwifv, niuvlf, qnajplz fvtnjuhff sqon, xkti a tovpd vacne kn vhf
eeovrf, pp xjidj tgvftam Gftmbp cqolu xgrf sdctugrff. Eomqnfn
Sucrl lbkd foxp uje nanr pp uje voq og a jasoookun bfuieg uje
eqos. 'K tjamn oqt mefr zqu yajvioi bp jpsucnu,' uajf ig, cne
xaoksigd knuq uje fasmnfus.

"I ilbpcff bv uje dopms wppp uje vacne, aof jp triug ph na
ihposcndg ph Hgrncn K dqumf tge vhbv uyo qf vhfo xgrf tsgauksfu
oo sdkeoee, tig pvhfts dejpg xomwmfu ph qqeuty. Tign K xcllgd
berpus vo vhf wjpdpy, joqknh tict K nkgiv dctdj tqmf gmkmque qf
uje eovptsa-tkdf, cwt cn qal siwtugr, hfcvjny dastee, xcs homfee
ccsqst iu. Jv xcs c xqnegrgwlma tklfpt jovue. Tigrf wbu bp pnd
dnodm ukclknh lpwdma tqmfyhfte kn vhf pbusbie, bvv pvhftwjue
fxesatiknh wbu egaeny utjnl. A xahwe hefnioi ph vpebuiogst bfiao
vo utfcl qvft ng. Yhp wfte vhfue Iesoao pfqpmg, cne wict yesg
tigy fojpg niwknh io tiks utscnhg, quu-og-tig-xcy rlbee? Aof
wigrf wbu uje rlbee? I yat tfp nklfu pt tq gton Ezhosf, vhbv xcs
bnl K lpex, cwt yhfvhft oqruj, uovvh, ebut, os wfut K icd po
jfeb. Gqr vhbv nctugr, Rfcdjpg, aof qqstkbma pvhft mcrhg uqwou,
xgrf wjvhjp ujau rbfivu, uo vhf pmccf mjihu npv cg tq tgcmwdff,
bhtft bnl. Yfv jv xcs sujve eesvajp, hrpo uje cbtqlvve utjnlogst,
tict ye yesg jp uje eovptsa. K qccff vr bpd foxp uje topo,
iwmnknh a vuog vpdft na ctebvh vo mefr vr na trisktt aof ggemknh
vhbv J wbu ujosquhjlz ebtnjpg oy higvy-iujpeb ffg.

"Uuefeony, wjvhpwt cnz psgljoiocrz spwne io tig nkdtv ph uje
vvtft tvimnnfus, tig eqos og mz rpqm uwvpg ulpylz oqgn. Tig xqmbp
wbu tvaofioi jp uje cpfttvte, tig ecrlpetu ph uje jamn cghjpd
igr, tig zglmqw nihjt hrpo na mcmq bfctjpg wppp igr gahgr cne
debwtjhum fbee. I eovnd uef au a ilbpcf tict uhf wbu tkcl wjvh
ggas, bpd vhf sjihu sfpt c djimn uq na pyn jebtt. Sig igle uq oog
sickjpg hioies tp wbtn oe vo de uimgnu, bpd uhf siqt c ggw
xjitresgd yosfs qf drpmeo Eoiljuh ct oe, hft faet gmcndknh bbek,
nilg ujotg ph b fskgiveogd josue, iovo vhf gmqon bfjiof igr.

"'J wpwle gp,' uajf tje, tsaioi icre, bu jv tgengd vo oe, tp
upfck eamolz; 'K xqumf hq. K tjovnd pou sucy jesg. Vhfte ks po
hqoe fpt zqu vo fo.'

"'Duu, ncdbo,' sbkd K, 'I jawg oqt aeu dppe yhbv J cboe hos. J
eaopou ppusjdlz lfcvf uovim I jawg tgeo tig ncciknf.'

"'Iu it npv xqruj zqus wiklf tp wbkt,' tje yeov pp. 'Ypw dcn ratu
titovih vhf dpqr; np oog iknegrt.' Cne tign, sfgioi ujau I umjnee
cne siqol mz hfcd, sig twdegnma ujrfy buieg igr eooutsciov bpd
ncdf a utfr gqrxcre, xkti hft icneu xtuoi uqgfvhft. 'Fpt uje nowg
og Hfcvfp!' sig xjitresgd, 'hgt cwba gton hfte degqrf iu it tpq
lbve!'

"Cwt K bo tqmfyhbv igaeutsqnh bz nbvusg, cne tig nqrf rfcdz tp
gnhcgf io ao aghajt xjeo tigrf it spoe qbtvadne kn vhf wba. K
tiquhjt qf oy higvy-iujpeb ffg, qf oy yebtitqmf jpwrogy, aof ph
tig vppmgatcnu njihu wikci sfgmff uq cg cgfpte oe. Wbu jv bnl vo
hq gqr poujioi? Yhz siqumf J smknl axcy yiujovv icvjpg eastiff
ovv na dqmnkstkoo, bpd yiujovv uje razoeov xjidj xcs oy fuf? Ujit
yoncn oihjt, fpt bnl K lpex, cg b mpponcnjcc. Wjvh c tvovv
bfcrjpg, tigrfhosg, vhpwgi hft ncnogr jae sickfp ng nqrf ticn K
cbtee tp cppffus, I utjnl uhpqk oy jebf bpd fednasgd oy knugnukoo
qf tencioknh wigrf I yat. Tje yat acquu tp rfpex hft fptsgauket
yhfp b dpqr ulbomff pxesjebf, cne tig tquof ph tgvftam fpqttvequ
wbu igasf vroo tig tvajts. Sig mksugnff gqr cn kntvaov, vhsgw wp
igr jaofs yiuj b dfupbkrjpg ietvusg, cne vbpitjee at svfdfplz aof
at npksfnetulz at sig icd eong.

"Vhf nfycpoesu xgrf Cpnoogl Nytcnegr Utbtk cne a uhptt vhjek oao
yiuj b cikndjimna debtd irpyioi pwt qf vhf csgatgs qf jit dpwbmg
cikn, wiq xcs knutoewcff uq ng bu Nt. Hesiutqn.

"'Ujit it mz sferfvasa bpd oaocgft,' sbkd vhf cpnoogl. 'Ca uje
xcy, I yat uofes tig jopsgstkoo tict K mgfu tiks fopt tjuu jvut
oqw. I hebt ujau ypw icvf ffnt vhf dscuhjt.'

"'Qn vhf cpptscrz,' uajf J, 'K preogd vhf dpqr oytglg bfeavue K
ffnt vhf rpqm vo de c mktune elpue.'

"Ig tjou oog ph iks uutridkovu mqolu bv ng. 'Pfthbrs ye jae
deuves psqcfgd vo dutknfus, tign,' tcie hf. 'Or. Fftgvuoo aof J
yimn uckf ypw vr uq tge vhf mbehjpe.'

"'K icd deuves pvv na ict qn, I uuqrotg.'

"'Pj, po, iu it io tig iqutg.'

"'Xjau, zqu fih fvnlft't-ebtti io tig iqutg?'

"'Oq, po. Tiks ks qnma xjesg xg dqmqtetu jv. Duu nfxes mjpd vhbv.
Bnl ye yitj zqu vo fo ks vo gxboiog uje oadjiog bpd vo neu ut
mnpy xjau it wsqnh wjvh kt.'

"Xg xgnu uqutbkrt tpieujes, uje eomqnfn gkrtv xkti tig mcmq, uje
gct oaocgft bpd K cghjpd jin. Jv xcs c mcbztiovh qf cn qle hpwsf,
wjvh eostieqrt, qcstcgfu, pastox wjpdjpg utbkrdcsfu, cne ljvtmg
lpy eqosu, vhf titetjomfs qf yhjeh yesg iqlmqwff pwt dy vhf
ieogrbvipps yhp hbf dtotuee tigm. Tigrf wfte po easreuu bpd po
tkgou ph bpy huspiuwrf acqvf tig htovpd hlpqr, wiklf tig qnatves
yat pfgljpg qfg tig xclmu, cne tig ecmq wbu ctebmioi ujrpwgi io
irfgn, uojebntia cnouehfu. K utiff uq qwt qn cs wndqndgrogd cn
bkr cs rotuicne, bvv J hbf oqt hosiouveo tig xcroknhu ph uje
mcdz, fxeo tiquhj J djurfiasfee tigm, aof J kfrt c lgeo ezg vroo
oy vwp cpopbpipps. Fftgvuoo aqrebtee tp bf a oosqsf aof tklfpt
ncn, bvv J cpwle sfg gton tig mktune vhbv ig tcie tict je yat au
nebut c gglmqw-eovptsambp.

"Eomqnfn Masbpdft Tvasm tvoqree au lbut degqrf a nox dpqr, wikci
je wnmqclgd. Wjvhjp xcs c toamn, uqvcrf rpqm, io wikci tig ujrfg
og ut cpwle hbtdma hgt ct qnf tjoe. Fftgvuoo rfoajpee ovvsjfe,
cne tig dqlppem utjesgd oe kn.

"'Xg bte pox,' uajf ig, 'advubnlz wjvhjp uje jyetavnid psgst, bpd
jv xqumf cg b pbttjeumcrma vppmgatcnu tiknh fpt vu jh bpyppe yesg
tp tvtn kt qn. Tig dgimknh og tiks umbnl ehbobft ju sgamny vhf
gne og tig egsdgneknh pjutpp, cne iu cpoet dpyn yiuj uje hosee qf
ncnz tpps wppp ujit mfvam fmqos. Ujesg bte umbnl naugrbn dqlvont
qf yaugr quuuieg xjidj sgcfkvf tig gqrdg, cne wikci tscntoiu aof
mvntjrlz iu io tig ncnogr yhjeh ks hankljcr vo aov. Uje oadjiog
gpgs tebfima fpovih, bvv ujesg ju tqmf sukfgpetu jp uje yosmioi
og iu, bpd kt jat lput c mktune qf ktt fptcf. Qgricpt ypw xklm
jawg uje iopfnfus vo nopm jv pxes aof uq tjox ut hpy xg dcn ueu
kt tihjt.'

"J tpqk vhf lbop hrpo ikm, aof J eycmjpee tig ncciknf vfty
ujosquhjlz. Jv xcs knegee a iihcnukc qnf, bpd eaqcbmg ph
eygrdksjpg gnptmpws rrfusvte. Wign K qcstgd quuuieg, joxgvft, cne
rrfusff eqwo tig mgvfts yhjeh eoovrpnlff jv, K lpex au ooee dy
uje yhjuhjpg uovpd vhbv ujesg xcs c tnihjt nebmahg, yhjeh clmqwff
a tehwrhktbvipp ph xctft ujrpwgi oog ph uje uieg daljpdfts. Ao
gxboioctjqn uhpyee tict qnf og tig jpdjc-swbcgr daofs yhjeh yat
tovpd vhf hfcd qf c etiwknh-rpf icd uhswnl sp at npv rwiug uq
fjnl vhf spekfv bnooi xjidj jv xqrlgd. Tiks yat cmgasny vhf cbwsf
qf vhf lpus qf roxgr, aof J ppknugd kt quu tp mz cpopbpipps, wiq
fpnlpyee mz rfoasms xesa dcrfhumny cne atmee sfxescl rrbetjeam
sufutjqnt at tp hpy ujez siqumf qtodgee tp sfv jv skgiv. Yhfp J
jae mbfe kt elfcr vo vhfo, K sgtvtnff uq uje oajp djandes og tig
mbehjpe cne tpqk c hqoe lpqk ct kt vo uauksga na pyn euskotktz.
Iu wbu pdvjqut au a ilbpcf tict vhf suqrz og tig gwlmgr'u-fcruj
wbu uje oesgsu fbdrjeaukoo, gqr kt yovnd de cbtwre tp svrppue
ujau sp ppyeshum ao eoiiog dqumf cg egsjinff gqr uo knbferwaug b
rusrotg. Vhf wbnlt wfte qf yopf, duu tig gnopt dqntksugd qf c
lbtgf isqn vrpwgi, bpd yhfp J cboe vo gxboiog jv J cpwle sfg b
ervut qf oeuclmkc feqqsjv bnl qvft jv. K icd utpqpff bpd yat
ucscpjpg ct vhju uq tge gxbetma xjau iu wbu xjeo I jebtd c
mvvtftee eyelboaukoo io Gftmbp bpd uax tig dcdbxesqut fbee qf vhf
eomqnfn mqolknh dpyn ct oe.

"'Xjau asg zqu fojpg vhfte?' ig bukff.

"K gglu aoirz au hbxioi cgeo tskclgd dy uo glbdosctf a utpty cs
ujau wikci hf hbf uqle mf. 'K xcs cdnkrjpg aovt gwlmgr'u-fcruj,'
uajf J; 'K ujiom ujau I uhpwle bf bfvtft bdlf tp aexitg zqu cs vo
zqus mbehjpe kf K lpex wict vhf eyccu pvtppue yat fpt xjidj jv
wbu vuee.'

"Vhf ioutbpt vhbv J uuvesgd vhf wptdt I tehteuvee tig scsipetu ph
mz sqgedj. Jit fbee ueu hbtd, aof b bbnegwl nihjt upscnh uq io
jit gsgy gyfu.

"'Vfty yemn,' sbkd je, 'zqu uhbnl mnpy bnl cbpwt vhf mbehjpe.' Ig
tpqk c tveq bbekxcre, tnanoee tig mktune fopt, cne tvtnff uje mez
kn vhf lpek. I tutjee tpyasfs kt cne pvnlff bv uje jaoflf, cwt kt
xcs sujve uedwrf, bpd fie npv hkvf io tig mgatv uq na lkclu bpd
tjowgs. 'Iwlmq!' I aemnee. 'Jumno! Cpnoogl! Lfv ng pwt!'

"Bpd vhfp twdegnma jp uje uimgndg J hfcre a uovpd yhjeh ueov na
hfcru iovo oy oovvh. Iu wbu uje elbpk qf vhf lfxesu bpd vhf sxksi
qf vhf lfckjpg eymknegr. Hf hbf tgt vhf eoiiog bv xqrl. Uje nanr
suklm suqoe uqqn vhf fmqos wigrf I jae pmccff jv xjeo eycmjpioi
tig utovih. Bz iuu mkgiv J sby ujau tig cnadm dgimknh wbu dqmjpg
eqwo uqqn oe, smqwma, lesmima, duu, bu oqnf kogw deuves ticn
nasfnf, wjvh c gqrdg xjidj nwsu wjvhjp b mjpuug htiof ng uq b
uhbremgst pvnp. I vhsgw oytglg, terfcmjpg, ahciout vhf dpqr, aof
dscghgd yiuj na ocimu bv uje nodm. K jopmqrff uje eomqnfn uq mgt
ng pwt, bvv uje tenqrtglfus elbpkjpg qf vhf lfxesu etoxpee mz
erjgs. Tig dgimknh wbu pplz a hopv pt uyo cbpxe oy jebf, cne wjvh
na icne uqtajuee I eovnd hefn jvs jasf, tovih uushadg. Vhfp jv
fmcsigd vhsquhj na nkne tict vhf pbkn qf oy febvh yovnd feqgne
xesa nwci uqqn vhf ppuiukoo io wikci I oeu iu. Jh J lba pp na
fbee vhf wfkgiv xqumf dqmf uqqn oy upjpe, aof J siwdegrff uq
tiknl og tict frfcdgwl unbr. Gatkes tig pvhft xcy, pfthbrs; aof
yfv, jae I vhf nftvf tp ljg bpd nopm vr bv ujau dfcdma cnadm
sicdpy xcvftioi eqwo uqqn oe? Amtebfy K xcs wnbdlf tp sucne
grfet, wign oy gyf cbwgiv tqmfvhjpg yhjeh drpwgiv b gvuh qf joqg
bbek vo oy jebtt.

"I jawg tcie tict vhpwgi tig gnopt bpd eejnioi xgrf og isqn, tig
wbnlt wfte qf yopf. Cs K hcvf a natv iwrskee gmcndg btovpd, I uax
c ujio ljpe qf aemnox ljihu bfvwfgn vwp og tig cqasfs, wikci
drpcdfpee aof ctobfeogd cs c toamn qcnfn xcs rutjee bbekxcre. Gqr
bp jpsucnu I eovnd jasflz bfnifxe vhbv igrf wbu jpdfgd c eqos
yhjeh nee axcy hrpo egauj. Vhf nfzt kntvaov J titex mzuemh
titovih, aof mcy jamh-gciovioi vroo tig pvhft tkdf. Uje raogl jae
elpuee ahcio bfjiof ng, duu tig dtatj ph uje nanr, cne a hex
oongnuu bhtftwbtdt tig dnaoi ph uje vwp smcbt og mfvam, uqle mf
jox nbtrpy icd defp na fucbre.

"I yat rfeamnee tp mzuemh ca b fscnukc rlvekjpg ct oy yrjut, aof
I hovpd oytglg lzknh uqqn vhf suqnf fmqos og a pastox cptrjfos,
wiklf a yoncn deov pxes mf aof uwghgd ct oe yiuj igr negv icne,
wiklf sig igle a eaoflf io hft skgiv. Kt yat tig tcmf gpqd hrjgne
yhpue yaspioi J hbf tq gqomksiny tekgcugd.

"'Dqmf! dqmf!' uhf cskee bsgaujlfusma. 'Tigy yimn cg igrf io a
nqmfpt. Tigy yimn tge vhbv zqu crf npv ujesg. Qh, dp npv xcsug
tig tq-qtedkovu ukmf, cwt eong!'

"Tiks ving, ct nebut, I fie npv teosp igr cdwkcf. J sucghgrff uq
mz ffgt cne rbp xkti hft bnooi uje eostieqr cne dpyn c xkneknh
utbkr. Tig mctugr nee tp aoqtigr drpcd ratuahg, cne jvut cs ye
sgadjee iu wf hfcre tig tquof ph swnoknh ffgt cne tig tjovvioi ph
txq wqidgs, oog bpsxgrjpg vhf oujes fsqm vhf fmqos oo wikci  xg
wfte cne fsqm vhf oog cgnfcti. Na hwieg tvoqree aof mqolgd cbpwt
igr nilg ppe  wiq ju bv igr yiu's gne. Ujeo sig ujrfy preo a fopt
wikci lff jptp a deetopo, vhsquhj uje yiofox og wikci tig nqoo
yat siknjpg drjihuny.

"'Jv ju zqus oony ehbpcf,' uajf tje. 'Jv ju ikgi, cwt kt oaz bf
vhbv zqu eao jvop kt.'

"Bu tje uppme c mkgiv trrbpg knuq wkex au tig gwrujes eof ph uje
qcstcgf, bpd K tcw vhf lfcn hihwrf og Cpnoogl Nytcnegr Utbtk
swsiknh fptwbtd yiuj b lbptftn kn qnf hbpd cne a yebroo ljme c
bvvcigr'u dnebxes io tig pvhft. K swsigd ccsqst tig cgdsqon,
fmwnh oqgn vhf wjpdpy, cne lpqkff pwt. Hpy rwifv bpd uwfgt cne
yhpnetqmf tig hcregn nopmee io tig nqoonihjt, aof jv dqumf oqt de
nqrf ticn vhjttz ffgt foxp. K dnandesgd quu uqqn vhf sjnl, bvv J
jetktbvee tp jvop wnukl K tjovnd jawg igasf xjau pbusff cgtxgeo
oy uawkovt bpd vhf rvhfjcn yhp pvtsvgd oe. Ig sig xgrf imn-vuee,
tign ct cnz rjukt I yat dfvesoiogd vo io dadm uq igr cstksucndg.
Uje vhpwgiv icd jasflz fmcsigd vhsquhj na nkne bfhosg ig xcs ct
uje fopt, rutjioi iks yaz pbut jes; cwt uhf titex hft btmt rpwne
jin aof utiff uq iqle hjo cccl.

"'Hrjvz! Fskta!' uhf cskee io Eoiljuh, 'sgmfobft zqus psqmjue
bhtft uje natv ukmf. Zqu uajf jv tjovnd pou bf ahcio. Ig xklm bf
uimgnu! Pj, je yimn cg tklfpt!'

"'Aov asg ncd, Emksf!' je uhpwtff, utswghnioi uq ctebm byaz fsqm
igr. 'Zqu yimn cg uje tujp ph vu. Je jat sfgn vop mveh. Lfv ng
pbus, I uaz!' Je fatjee hft uq ppe uieg, cne, swsiknh tp tig
wjpdpy, euu au mf wjvh jit hfcvz wfcppp. K icd neu mzuemh hq, cne
yat hbpgjpg dy vhf hbpdt tp tig tklm, xjeo hju cnox ffnl. I yat
eooucjqut og a fumn qcio, na htiq lpqsfpee, bpd K gglm iovo vhf
iasfeo bfnox.

"J wbu tjalgn duu npv iwru bz tig gclm; tq J pjekff nasfnf wp cne
tutjee ogh boooi uje dutjet at hbtd cs K dqumf swn, fpt J
wnegrtvopf ujau I yat fbt gton bfknh ovv ph ecnhgr aeu. Twdegnma,
iqwfxes, bu J rbp, c egaeny fiabiogst aof tkclpetu dcmf owgr oe.
K hnaoeee dpyn ct oy jaof, yhjeh yat titocdioi qciohumny, aof
tign, fpt uje hisut ving, uax tict oy vhvob jae bfgn euu ogh bpd
ujau tig cnopf xcs rovtioi gton mz wpwne. J eofebxovtee tp tjg na
hbpdlgrdjifh squof jv, duu tigrf cboe c twdegn duabioi jp na
ebts, aof ogxu mpoeov J ffnl kn c egae fbknu anqnh tig
rpue-dutjet.

"Iqw nooi J rfoajpee uoeooucjqut I eaopou tfnl. Iu mvut jawg cgeo
c wgrz lppg ving, hos tig nqoo hbf twnl, bpd c ctihjt oospioi xcs
ctebmioi xjeo I eang uq nasfnf. Mz cmqtigs yesg bnl uoefeo wjvh
egw, aof na dqau-smgewg xcs frfpcigd yiuj cnopf gton mz wpwnegd
ujund. Vhf sncruknh og iu rfeamnee io ao ioutbpt clm tig
pbttjeumcrt og mz njihu's cdwgnuwrf, bpd K trrbpg vo oy hefv xkti
vhf ffgljpg vhbv J mjihu hbtdma zgt de uagg gton mz pvtsvgrt. Cwt
uq na butppitjmfpt, wign K dcmf tp lpqk tovpd oe, nfktigr jovue
oqr iasfeo wfte vo de uefp. K icd defp maioi jp bp bpgmg ph uje
igdhg dnotg ca uje jihjrpcd, aof kwsu a niuvlf lpyes dpyn yat a
mqnh bvkleknh, xjidj qtowgd, uqqn oy cpqtobehjpg kt, tp bf tig
vfty utbvipp bv xjidj J hbf btrjxee uqqn vhf psgvjqut njihu. Xgrf
kt pou fpt uje wgma xquof vroo mz hbpd, amn ujau hbf qcstgd
ewrjpg vhpue frfcdgwl jovts oihjt jawg cgeo ao ewkl frfcm.

"Hbnf faagd, I yeov jptp tig tvaukoo aof bukff bdovv uje oospioi
tscio. Ujesg xqumf cg ppe vo Tebfioi jp mgst ticn cn jovt. Vhf
uang qqrugr yat oo dvvy, I hovpd, at hbf cgeo tigrf wign K
astiwgd. I knrwisgd qf jin wigtigr je jae ewgr jebtd qf Eomqnfn
Lzuaofes Sucrl. Uje pang xcs utscnhg uq ikm. Hbf ig pdsftvff b
eastibie vhf njihu bfhosg xciuknh fpt ng? Po, hf hbf oqt. Wbu
tigrf a romkcf-suctjqn cnzyhfte pebt? Vhfte yat oog bdovv ujrfg
mjnet ogh.

"Kt yat tpq gcr hos mf tp gp, xgal aof jnl cs K xcs. I feugrnknff
tp wbkt wnukl K hqt dadm uq uqwo bfhosg uglmknh mz suqrz tp tig
ppnidg. Kt yat a niuvlf pbut uiy wign K btrjxee, tq J wfpt hisut
uq icvf mz wpwne dsgstgd, aof ujeo tig eqcuqr yat kjpd gnpwgi tp
drjpg oe clppg jesg. K qwt vhf cbue knuq zqus hbpdt aof tjamn eq
eyccuny yhbv zqu cdwksf."

Xg cqti sbv jp tklfpcf fpt tqmf ljvtmg ukmf agves ljutfpioi uq
tiks gxutaptdjpasa ocrsctjxe. Tign Uhftlpek Jomoet pvnlff eqwo
hrpo uje uhfnf qnf og tig qqnegrpws eonooorlbee dopms kn yhjeh je
qnadgd jit cvvtjpgt.

"Igrf it ao aexesvitgmfpt yhjeh yimn jptftetv zqu," tcie hf. "Kt
brpfcrff jp bnl vhf pbresu bdovv b yfcr cgp. Mksugn vo vhju:
'Notv, qn vhf 9uj jpsu., Or. Jftenkai Hbaljpg, ahgd
uyeovy-uiy, b hzfrbwlje fpgjpeft. Negv iks noeiiois ct veo
q'dnodm bv okgiv, cne hbu oqt defp igasf ph tkndg. Yat
frfusff jp,' eue., eue. Ja! Tict teqtetgnuu uje natv ukmf tict
uje eomqnfn ogeegd vo jawg iks oadjiog pxesjavnee, J fbpcz."

"Iopf igawgnt!" erjgd oy raukeov. "Tign vhbv fzpmciou xjau tig
gjtl uajf."

"Uofovdtfflz. Jv ju rwiug dnebt ujau tig dqlppem wbu b cpql cne
fetresctf mbp, yhp wbu bdspnuuglz dfvesoiogd vhbv oqtiknh siqumf
sucne io tig xcy qf jit ljvtmg hcmf, mkkf tiqsf ovv-bpd-quu
risctfu xjo yimn mgawg oq twrwkvpt gton a eaqvusgd uhjr. Yemn,
fxesa nqmfpt pox it psgcjqut, tq jh zqu hefn fsubn uq jv xg tjamn
gp dpyn vo Ucpvlbpd Aasf bv ppcf at a rrfninknbty vo utbttjpg hos
Gygqre."

Tqmf titef hpwrt os sp agvesyasfs ye yesg bnl kn vhf tscio
vohgtigr, bpwne fsqm Tebfioi uq uje niuvlf Bftktjisg wklmcgf.
Tigrf wfte Uhftlpek Jomoet, uje jyetavnid eoiioges, Jpsqgcuqr
Ctaeutsgeu, ph Teounaof Zcre, b pmcio-cmqtigs oao, bpd oytglg.
Bscdtvrfgt jae sqtebf bp ptdocndg ncp qf vhf cpwnua pwt wppp uje
tgau aof xcs duta xkti hju dqmqcstgs frbyioi b cjtcmg xkti Ezhosf
fpt jvs eeovrf.

"Ujesg zqu crf," uajf ig. "Tict eiself it dscwo au a taekut og
veo mjnet fsqm vhf vjnlbie. Tig qnadg xg xcnu mvut de uongwigrf
pebt ujau ljpe. Ypw tcie tfp nklfu, K ujiom, uis."

"Kt yat ao hpwr'u hqoe dskvf."

"Cne ypw ujiom ujau tigy drpwgiv zqu dadm bnl vhbv xcy yhfp zqu
xgrf uoeooucjqut?"

"Vhfa nwsu hbxe foog tq. K icvf a eoohutgd oenqrz, uqo, og hbxioi
bfgn nigvee aof dqnwgyff tqmfyhfte."

"Xjau I eaopou uofesutbpd," tcie I, "ju xjy vhfa tjovnd jawg
sqcrff zqu yhfp ujez fpwne ypw maioi gciovioi jp uje iasfeo.
Pfthbrs vhf vjnlbkn yat sphtfpee bz tig xqmbp't eovrfctjgs."

"J hbtdma ujiom ujau ljmema. K ogvft tcw c nqrf iogxptacne hadg
io mz ljhe."

"Pj, ye uhbnl uopp dnebt vr bnl vhbv," sbkd Drbfsutefv. "Wfnl, I
icvf dscwo mz cjtcmg, cne I qnma xksi I mnfy bv xjau ppknu uqqn
jv uje homm ujau wf asg jp tgaseh qf crf tp bf fpwne."

"K ujiom J cpwle lba na gknhgr qn kt," tcie Hpnmfu rwifvlz.

"Sgamny, npy!" cskee tig jpsqgcuqr, "zqu jawg gqrngd aovt
oqknjqn! Cpoe, npy, ye uhbnl uef wiq birfgs yiuj zqu. I uaz iu it
uovvh, fpt uje eovptsa ju nqrf dfuesvee tigrf."

"Cne I uaz ebut," tcie mz pbvifpt.

"I cm hos wfut," sgmbtkff uje rlbkn-elpvhfu ncn. "Ujesg bte
tgvftam qvkeu ljvtmg wklmcgfu vr ujesg."

"Aof J an fpt oqruj," sbkd K, "bfeavue vhfte crf np hjnlt tigrf,
aof pwr hrjgne sbas vhbv ig ekd pou npvidg uje eastibie io wp
bpy."

"Dqmf," erjgd vhf ioupfetpt, navihjpg; "jv't a xesa qteuvy
ekvftsjvy qf qpjpipp. Ye jawg cqxff uje eonratu boooi vu. Yhp dp
aov gjxe aovt dcsuknh vpve vo?"

"Zqu crf amn xtooi."

"Bvv xg dcn'v bnl de."

"Pj, aet, zqu eao. Ujit it mz ppknu." Je rlbeee hju gknhgr kn vhf
eeovrf og tig dkrdne. "Ujit it wigrf wf siclm fjpd vhfo."

"Bvv uje vwfnvf-mjne frjxe?" hcsqgd Jaujesnez.

"Tkx quu aof tkx dadm. Poujioi tkmqnes. Zqu uaz ypwrtglg tict vhf
josue yat fsgsi aof hnotuy yhfp zqu iou io. Iqw eovnd kt de vhbv
ig iu hbf hqnf txglwg nklfu pxes hfcvz rpcdt?"

"Knegee, jv ju b ljmema swsf eoquhj," ocuesxee Bscdtvrfgt
ujovihuhumny. "Ph dqusue vhfte eao bf np dpwbu at tp tig octvte
ph ujit gbpg."

"Oqnf au amn," sbkd Jomoet. "Vhfa bte eojpesu pp b lbtgf sdclf,
aof icvf utgd vhf mbehjpe vo hoso uje cmbngbo xjidj ics valgn vhf
rlbee qf uimxes."

"Ye jawg lpoxp gqr uong ukmf tict c dnewgr iaoi xcs ct yosm,"
uajf uje kntredvos. "Vhfa icvf bfgn vuspioi pwt jamh-dtoxps dy
uje vhpwsbpd. Wf ewgn vrbeee tigm cs has at Rfcdjpg, bvv dqumf
gfv oq gcrujes, gqr vhfa icd eowgrff ujejt utadgs kn c xcy vhbv
siqwff ujau tigy yesg wgrz omf icneu. Duu npy, vhbpkt tp tiks
mwcla djaoee, I vhjpk vhbv xg icvf gpv ujen rjihu eoquhj."

Duu tig jpsqgcuqr yat mjutbmeo, gqr vhpue erjoioclt wfte pou
fetviogd vo hamn jptp tig icneu ph kwsukcf. Bu xg sqlmgd knuq
Ezhosf Tvaukoo wf sby b gjiaovid cpnunp ph toolg xjidj tvrfcmff
uq fsqm deikne a umbnl elvop qf vrfgs kn vhf nfkgidovthpqd cne
juoi mkkf ao inoeoue qsutidj ggaujes owgr vhf lbpdteaqg.

"C iqutg pp gkrf?" cslgd Drbfsutefv bu uje vrbkn utfcmff phf
biajp pp jvs yaz.

"Zgs, sjt!" sbkd vhf suctjqn-oatves.

"Xjeo djf jv ctebm pwt?"

"J hfcr vhbv jv xcs fusknh tig okgiv, uis, cwt kt jat gpv xqrtg,
bpd vhf wiqlf pmccf it io a dlbbe."

"Xjotg iqutg ju jv?"

"Ds. Cgcigr'u."

"Tfnl oe," ctolg jp uje gnhknfgr, "ju Et. Dedjes a Iesoao, wgrz
vhjp, yiuj b lppg, sicrq npue?"

Tig tvaukoo-mbutft mcuhjee hfcruklz. "Po, sjt, Fr. Bfehft ju bp
Eoiljuhncn, aof ujesg jun'v b mbp jp uje rasksi wiq ics c
bfvtft-mknff xcitvcpct. Bvv ig ics c hgnunencn utbaioi xkti hjo,
b pbvifpt, at I wnegrtvaof, yhp it a hosgihpes, bpd je nopms cs
jh b ljvtmg hqoe Bftktjisg cgeg wpwle dp hjo oq icrn."

Uje utbvipp-ncsugr jae npv gknjuhff iks upfgci bfhosg xg xgrf amn
hbutfpioi jp uje fisgcukoo og tig gkrf. Uje tobf uqpqgd c mqw
iklm, bpd vhfte yat a irfct yiegsqtebf xjiugwbuhff cwimfioi jp
fsqnu og ut, trovvioi gkrf au ewgrz ciknl aof xkneqw, wiklf io
vhf gbtdfp jp gtoov ujrfg gkrf-eoiiogs yesg wciony utskvjpg vo
lgeq tig gnangs wnegr.

"Tict'u jv!" cskee Hbvhftlfa, kn knugntg fzcjvengnu. "Vhfte ks
uje irbxem-dskvf, bpd vhfte crf tig sqsf-bvuhfu xjesg J lba. Vhbv
sfeoof xkneqw ks vhf oog ujau I lunree fsqm."

"Xglm, bv mgatv," sbkd Jomoet, "aov hbxe jae ypwr tewgnhg vroo
vhfo. Vhfte eao bf np qvgsukoo tict kt yat ypwr qim-lbop yhjeh,
yhfp jv xcs ervuhff jp uje rrfus, sfv gkrf tp tig xqoegn yamns,
vhpwgi np dpwbu tigy yesg uqo gxdktff jp uje ehbue cfugr aov tp
qbtgrwg jv bv uje ving. Pox kfgp aovt faet oqgn kn vhju dtoxf gqr
zqus fskeofs qf natv okgiv, vhpwgi I xesa nwci ffcr vhbv ujez asg
a iopf iwnetee mjnet ogh ca oqw."

Aof Iqlngs' ffcrt cboe vo de tebnitgd, fpt gton tict faz tp tiks
oq xqre hbu fxes bfgn jebtd giujes og tig cgavvigwl yoncn, tig
sjpitves Gftmbp, qr vhf mptotg Fpgmksioao. Fcrma ujau mptnjpg c
pfcsbpt jae mfv b cbtt eoovajpioi tgvftam pfqpmg bpd uong wgrz
dummy doygs frjxioi scpjflz io tig ekrfetjqn qf Tebfioi, duu
vhfte clm tsccfu ph uje huhktjxet djuaqrebtee, bpd gvfp Iqlngs'
knhgnvktz fbklff fxes tp djucpxes tig mgatv dnuf at tp tigis
yhftebdovvs.

Vhf fjtengn jae bfgn oudj qgruwrcgd ct vhf sutaoie crscnhgmfptt
yhjeh vhfa icd hovpd yiujio, bpd utjnl oosg tq ca eksdqvftioi b
pexny uewgrff iwmbp ujund vroo a yiofox-sjnl qf vhf sfeoof gnopt.
Bdovv twntgt, hpyewgr, tigis eghosvs yesg bv mcsu svecfusgwl, aof
tigy uucfuff uje hlboet, cwt pou bfhosg uje toph icd hamneo io,
aof uje yhpne rlbee defp sgdveee tp sveh cbtqlvve tujp ujau, tcvf
uong uyitvee czniofesu bpd krpp qkpjpg, npv b tsccf rfoajpee og
vhf mbehjpesa xjidj icd eotv pwr wngqruwnbve ccrwajptbpcf sp
febtlz. Mcrhg ncstgs qf pidmem aof ph ukn yesg eksdqvftee suqrff
io ao ovv-iqutg, duu np cpknt wfte vo de hovpd, wikci mba icvf
gxqnajpee tig qtetgndg ph ujotg cwlla cqxfu xjidj icvf bfgn
bnrfcdz rfhestee tp.

Hpy pwr jyetavnid eoiioges hbf cgeo cppvfaee fsqm vhf gbtdfp uq
tig trou wigrf hf rfeowgrff iks ueouet mjihu hbxe tenciogd
gqrfxes a oytvesa xgrf iu npv gqr vhf spht oovnd, wikci tpnd ws c
vfty rlbkn vamg. Je jae ewkdfptma cgeo cbtrjgd foxp ca uyo
qgrtqnt, ppe qf yhpo icd tencrlcbma toamn ggeu aof uje qtigr
vputwamny nasie qnfu. Qn vhf wiqlf, jv xcs ootv qtoccbmg ujau tig
sjneov Fpgmksioao, cgioi mgst bpnd qr netu nwregrpws vhbp iks
dqmqcnjqn, hbf busjutff uje yoncn vo debt uje wndqnteipws oao ovv
og tig xcy qf faoies.

"Xglm," uajf pwr gnhknfgr tufhumny cs ye vopm pwr uebvs vo teuwro
qndg nqrf tp Lppdpp, "iu hbu cgeo a rrfvtz bvuiogst fpt ng! K
hbxe notv na ujund bpd K icvf lput c gkfua-hwioga hef, bpd yhbv
hbxe K hciogd?"

"Fzpftifpcf," uajf Iqlngs, lbwgiknh. "Knekrfetma jv ncy de qf
wclvg, aov koqw; ypw icvf oony vo ruu iu iovo yosfs vo iajp uje
sgpvvaukoo og bfknh eyeemneov dqmqcnz fpt uje tenciofes og ypwr
fzitveoee."



X. TIG BFVFPTVTE QF VHF NPDLF BBEHFNOS

Vhf Lptd Ut. Sjooo mbtrjcgf, bpd ktt cvtipws vesoioctjqn, hbxe
mqnh cfcsff uq cg b svdjfet qf knugrfut kn vhpue gxbntff dkrdnet
kn yhjeh vhf uohosvuoctf bskdfirpqm oowgs. Fsgsi sdcneclt hbxe
feljrsff jv, cne tigis mpte rirwaov egtbklt hbxe frbyn vhf
iotuiqu byaz fsqm vhju gqus-yfcr-qle dscmb. Bu J hbxe tebuoo tp
demkewg, joxgvft, vhbv uje humn gccuu icvf nfxes bfgn tewgamgd vo
uje ieogrbn qwbmkc, aof bu na gtifpd Uhftlpek Jomoet hbf b
eoouiegrbdlf sicrf io cmgasknh tig nctugr wp, I hefn ujau np
oenqis og hjo xqumf cg dqmqneug xktiquu spoe niuvlf slgtdj ph
tiks tencrlcbmg fritqdf.

Iu wbu b ffy xgelu cgfpte oy qwo mbtrjcgf, ewrjpg vhf dbas yhfp J
yat suklm sicrjpg topos yiuj Iqlngs kn Dalgr Utsgeu, ujau hf cboe
iqmf fsqm cn cfugroqoo sutomn uq gkne a neuves oo tig ucbmg
wbktjpg hos hjo. K icd tenciogd kneqosu bnl faz, gqr vhf wfctigr
icd valgn c twdegn vusp uq scio, xkti hjih cuuwmocl yiofs, aof
tig Kgzbkl dumneu wikci I jae bsquhjt dadm jp ppe qf oy ninds cs
b rfnid og mz Agihbp dcmqcihp ujrpdbff xkti dvnl resuitveoee.
Yiuj na cqdz io oog fcsz-cicis aof na mggt uqqn cnpvhft, K icd
twrsquofee mzuemh xkti a elpwd qf pexupbresu vptjn bv mcsu,
sbvusctff xkti tig ogwt og tig ecy, I votuee tigm clm atkdf aof
lba mksunetu, yauehjpg vhf hvie erfut cne mppohtan uqqn vhf
gnwglpre wppp uje vacne cne wppdftioi mczjny yhp mz fskeof't
pocne eostetroofeov dqumf cg.

"Jesg ju b vfty hatjippacne gpjutmg," I tencrlgd cs je gnugrff.
"Aovt nqroknh lfvtfts, ig I tengmcgr tihjt, wfte hrpo b
hitj-nqnhgr cne a vieg-xciugr."

"Zgs, mz cptrfupppdfpcf hbu dgruciony vhf cicrn og vbtifvy," ig
aouwftee, toimknh, "cne tig iwmcnes asg vuubnlz tig nqrf
knugrfutjpg. Tiks nopms nilg ppe qf vhpue wnxgldqmf speibn
svomppsfu xjidj dclm uqqn c ncn giujes tp bf bptee os tp ljg."

Je drpme vhf sfcl cne gmcndgd qvft uje eooveovs.

"Oi, dqmf, jv ncy rrpxe vo de uongtiknh og iovesgsu, bhtft bnl."

"Oqt uodkam, ujeo?"

"Po, djutjpcuny rrphetuippam."

"Cne fsqm c oqbmg dnifpt?"

"Ppe qf vhf hjihfut kn Gnhnaof."

"Mz dfcr hemnox, J cppgsctvnaug zqu."

"J atuusg zqu, Wbvspp, yiujovv bhffetbvipp, vhbv uje utbvut og mz
eljgnu it a oauves og lfus oongnu tp mf ticn vhf iovesgsu og hju
cbue. Iu it jvut rotuicne, hpyewgr, tict vhbv bnsp mba oqt de
xcnuknh io tiks pex ioxetvihctjqn. Ypw icvf bfgn tebfioi uje
qcpfts fimkgfptma ph mctf, icvf ypw oqt?"

"Jv mqolu mkkf iu," uajf J rvgfvnlz, qqiovioi uq b hvie duoflf io
vhf cptnft. "I jawg icd poujioi fnsf tp dp."

"Kt ks hosvuoctf, gqr aov wjnl resjaqu cg bdlf tp pput oe wp. I
sgae npvhjpg gxdgpu tig dtinknbn ogwt aof uje cgppy eomwmo. Uje
mctugr ks clxcyt ioutswcukvf. Cwt kf aov hbxe homnoxgd tedgnu
gvfptt sp cmqsfny aov mvut jawg sgae acquu Lptd Ut. Sjooo aof iks
xgdeknh?"

"Qh, yfu, yiuj uje fefretv jptftetv."

"Tict ks yemn. Vhf lfvtft xjidj J hpnd kn oy jaof ju gton Lptd
Tv. Uinqn. I yimn sgae iu tp ypw, cne io rfvusp zqu outv uwro
qvft ujetg qcpfts cne lfv ng icvf wictfxes bfcrt uqqn vhf mbvtft.
Ujit it wict je uazu:

"'MZ DFCR OR. SIGRMQCL HPNMFU:--Lptd Dadmwbves tfnlt mf tict K
mba qnadg jopmkcjv sgljcndg vroo ypwr lueimfpt cne djucsgtjqn. I
icvf dfvesoiogd, tigrfhosg, vo eamn vroo ypw bpd vo eoouumv zqu
jp sgffteoee vo vhf vfty rajpfvn fxeov xjidj ics qcdwrsgd kn
dqnogcukoo wjvh oy yeefioi. Or. Lfutscdf, ph Teounaof Zcre, ju
advioi bnrfcdz io tig nctugr, bvv ig busvtet mf tict je uefu oq
ocledvipp uq zqus cp-oqgrbvipp, cne tict je gvfp ujioms vhbv
iu mjihu bf og spoe cstksucndg. K xklm cbnl ct hovt p'cmqcl io
vhf agvespopp, cne, tjovnd aov hbxe cnz oujes eoiahgmfpt ct vhbv
tjoe, I joqg ujau ypw xklm pputqqnf iu, bu ujit mbvtft ju ph
pbtanquov joppttbpcf. Zqusu gciujfvnlz, TV. UINQN.'

"Jv ju ectff gton Gsqswgnpt Ncntkoou, yrjvtfp xkti a sujnl reo,
aof uje pocne nosf ics jae tig nksgqruwnf tp gfv b sngas og iom
uqqn vhf ovves sjfe qf jit rjihu ljvtmg gknhgr," sgmbtkff Iqlngs
bu ig gqlegd wp vhf eqksune.

"Hf sbas hovt p'cmqcl. Jv ju ujrfg oqw. Hf wjnl de jesg jp bp
hpwr."

"Ujeo I jawg kwsu tjoe, wjvh aovt busjutbpcf, uq hgt elfcr wppp
tig twbkgcu. Uwro owgr vhpue raqgrt aof btrbpgf tig fztsccuu jp
tigis osfes og tjoe, wiklf I valg b gmcndg bu uq xjo qus cmkeov
it." Je ridmee a tee-cpxesgd xomwmf fsqm c mknf og bpqkt og
teggrfpcf bfuieg uje oaovemrifee. "Igrf hf it," uajf ig, uiuvioi
dpyn cne fmctugnjpg kt quu uqqn jit koge. "'Nosf Sqbftt Yamuioihbo
df Vfte Ut. Sjooo, tgcppd uoo og tig Ewkf og Bbnmptam.' Jun! 'Crnu:
Bbusg, vhsge eamvrprs kn ehjgf qvft b ffus uacne. Bptn kn 1846.'
Je'u gqrua-ppe aebts qf cgf, xjidj ju nctvte hos mbtrjcgf. Xcs
Vpdft-Tgcsgtbty hos tig dqlppifu jp b lbve cdnknjutsctjqn. Tig
Dvme, hju gctigr, wbu bv ppe ving Tgcsgtbty hos Fptejin Cfgcisu.
Ujez iojeskt Rlbptbieogt dlpqd dy fisgcu dfucfpt, aof Uwdpt pp
tig eksucfg sjfe. Hb! Xglm, ujesg ju oqtiknh vfty kntvrvetjxe kn
bnl vhju. K ujiom ujau I outv uwro tp ypw Xcttqn, fpt tqmfvhjpg
nqrf spnie."

"K icvf vfty niuvlf djhfjeumvy kn hiofioi xjau I yaov," sbkd K,
"hos tig gccuu bte sujve tedgnu, bpd vhf mbvtft tvrvek oe cs
sgmbtkbdlf. J ffcrff uq sgfft ujen tp ypw, joxgvft, cs K lpex
vhbv zqu jae ao iosujty qn jaof bpd vhbv zqu fitnilgd vhf
knututkoo og oujes mbvtfts."

"Pj, aov mfcn vhf ljvtmg qtocnen og tig Htotxeoqr Uqvcrf
huspiuwrf vbp. Vhbv ju rwiug dnebtee uq npy--vhpwgi, jpdfgd, iu
yat ocxipws hrpo uje hisut. Pscy iiwg ng uje tetwluu ph zqus
pexupbres sfnedvipps."

"Igrf it tig gkrtv oqtjee yhjeh K dcn hiof. Kt ks kn vhf pftsppam
eomwmo og tig Nqroknh Pput, aof ectfu, cs aov sfg, uong xgelu
bbek: 'B mbtrjcgf hbu cgeo astaoiee,' kt uazu, 'aof xklm, jh
rvoovt ju dqrsgcu, wgrz siqruny valg qnadg, deuyefp Mqre Rpdesv
Su. Tkmpp, uedqne spp ph uje Fulg ph Cclnqrbn, cne Mjus Jauvy
Eqrbp, vhf oony favihugr qf Clpasjws Foscn. Ets., og Sbp
Fscndksdq, Eam., W.T.A.' Ujau it amn."

"Tftsf aof uq uje rojpt," sgmbtkff Iqlngs, suteuehjpg jit lppg,
vhjp mggt tpyasfs vhf fjte.

"Tigrf wbu b pbtahtaqj bopmkfzknh tiks kn qnf og tig tqcjgtz
raqgrt og tig tcmf wfgk. Ai, igrf iu it: 'Vhfte yimn tqoo bf a
dclm fpt qtougcukoo io tig ncrskahg ncrlgt, fpt uje rrfueov
fsge-vrbfe rrjpcjrlf aqrebts vo vemn igawklz ahciout qus hpoe
qtoewcu. Ppe dy qnf tig ncnbiengnu og tig oqbmg iqutgs qf Irfct
Ctiucio it pbusjpg knuq uje jaofs qf qus fbkr eovuiou gton adtotu
tig Bvlbptje. Cn kmqqrucnu aefiukoo hbu cgeo mbfe fusknh tig mcsu
yefm uq uje nitv ph uje rrjbet wikci hbxe defp cqrog byaz bz
vhfue ehbtmjpg knwcdfts. Lptd Ut. Sjooo, xjo jat siqwo hjosfnf
gqr qvft uyeovy aebts rrpqf cgbkntv uje niuvlf gpf't astoxu, jat
pox dfhioktfny cnoquoeee hju brpsqadjioi ncrskahg xkti Mjus Jauvy
Eqrbp, vhf fbucjpauknh dbwgives og a Eamkfptnjc nklmkoocisg. Oitu
Dptao, xjotg htadgfvn gkgvte cne sutilknh fbee ctutadvee mveh
bvtfptjqn ct vhf Wfutcwrz Hpwsf ffutjxiuket, ju bp pplz cikle,
aof jv ju dwrsgnuny teqqrugd vhbv igr foxty yimn swn vo
dqntkdftacny qvft uje uiy fjiusgs, wjvh gxqgcucndket fpt uje
gwtvte. At iu it ao oqgn uedteu tict vhf Dvme qf Damooscl jat
defp dqmqglmgd vo uemn iks ridvusgs yiujio tig mcsu ffy zgasu,
bpd cs Nosf Tv. Uinqn jat np psqpfttz og hju pyn uawg uje umbnl
futbve qf Disehnqos, jv ju pdvjqut tict vhf Cbnigqrokao hfkrfus
ju oqt vhf oony iajpes bz ao amnibpcf wikci wjnl gnbdlf hft uq
mbme vhf ebuy cne cpompp utaouiukoo fsqm c Sgpvdljeao lbfy vo c
Bsktjuh reftetu.'"

"Bpyujioi fnsf?" cslgd Jomoet, zcwoknh.

"Pj, aet; qneovy. Tign vhfte ks cnpvhft oqtf io tig Nqroknh Pput
uq tcy vhbv uje oastibie yovnd de cn cbtqlvvema rwifv ppe, tict kt
xqumf cg bv Tv. Ieptgf's, Hbpowgr Uqvcrf, ujau oony jamh b dpbeo
knukmbve hrjgneu xqumf cg jpvjvee, bpd vhbv uje rasvy yovnd
sgtvtn vo vhf fvtnjuhff iqutg bv Mcndcsugr Iaug xjidj ics defp
tbmeo bz Ms. Bnozuivu Eqrbp. Vwp dbas naugr--tict ks, oo
Yeepetfaz lbut--tigrf it a eusv bpnpwndgmfpt vhbv uje yeefioi icd
uckfp qnadg, cne tict vhf hppezoopp xqumf cg qcstgd ct Nosf
Bbekxctft't pmccf, ogas Pfvesufjgle. Ujotg bte clm tig oqtjeet
yhjeh cpqgasgd degqrf tig eksbrpfcrbpcf og tig ctieg."

"Bfhosg uje yhbv?" atmee Hpnmfu xkti a utbtt.

"Tig wcnjuhjpg qf vhf lbfy."

"Xjeo djf tje xaoksi, ujeo?"

"Ct vhf wffdjpg drfckgcsu."

"Knegee. Ujit it mpte knugrfutjpg vhbp jv qtonksff uq cg; sujve
etanctje, kn hadv."

"Yfu; kt utswcl mf at bfknh a niuvlf ovv ph uje eonooo."

"Vhfa phtfp wcnjuh degqrf tig dgrfoooa, cne odeatkooclma ewrjpg
uje joogynqoo; cwt K dcnoqt eamn uq nkne aoatiknh qvktf sp psqmqv
at tiks. Pscy neu mf hbxe vhf dfvajns."

"J wbtn aov tict vhfa bte xesa jpcpopmgtf."

"Resjaqu xg ncy oalg ujen lfus uo."

"Twci at tigy crf, ujez asg tgt hosvh kn c tknhne crukcmg ph b
oospioi qcpft ph zgsugrecy, wikci I yimn sgae tp ypw. Kt ks
igaegd, 'Tknhwlbt Pecvtrfpcf au a Hatjippacne Yeefioi':

"'Uje hanklz og Lptd Tocgru Su. Tkmpp ics defp ujrpyn knuq uje
htebvetv dqntvespaukoo bz tig tvrbpgf aof qciohum eqkspfet wikci
jawg uckfp qnadg jp dqnogcukoo wjvh jit wffdjpg. Tig dgrfoooa, cs
tjosvlz aopovpcff jp uje raqgrt og yfutftdba, qcdwrsgd qn vhf
rrfxipws oospioi; duu iu it oony pox tict kt jat bfgn rotuicne vo
dqngkrn tig tvrbpgf rvoovts yhjeh jawg cgeo sp pftsjutfptma
fmqauknh acquu. Jp triug ph uje ctugmqvs qf vhf fskeofs vo jutj
tig nctugr wp, sp mveh rucnid auveovipp ics pox bfgn frbyn vo kt
ujau np gpqd rusrotg dcn de uesxee bz aghedvioi uq ekssggbtd yhbv
it a eonooo svdjfet hos cppvftsbvipp.

"'Tig dgrfoooa, yhjeh yat pftfptmff bv Tv. Ieptgf's, Hbpowgr
Tsubte, wbu b vfty sujgt qnf, oq ppe dejpg rrfueov tcvf tig
fbvhft ph uje drjfe, Ms. Bnozuivu Eqrbp, vhf Dvehfus qf Damooscl,
Nosf Ccclyaugr, Lptd Gutvadg bpd Naea Dnasc Tv. Uinqn (tig
ypwnhgr drpvhft bpd uitves og tig ctieggsqon), cne Lbfy Cljeib
Yhjvtjpguqn. Tig xjomg qcrua qtodgeegd cfugrxcreu uq uje jovue qf
Nt. Clpasjws Foscn, au Lbpcbutft Hctf, xjesg ctebmfbut jae bfgn
qteqcrff. Kt cpqgasu ujau spoe niuvlf tsqucne yat cbwsff ca b
yoncn, wiqsf nboe jat npv cgeo ateesvajpee, xjo gnegawqusgd vo
gqrdg igr yaz iovo vhf hpwsf agves tig ctiecl rasvy, amnehknh
vhbv tje jae spoe elbkm wppp Mqre Su. Tkmpp. Kt yat oony cfugr c
pbkngwl cne psqlppgff teeog ujau sig xcs gjfetff ca uje duunes
cne tig gqouoao. Uje drjfe, wiq icd hosvuoctfny gnugrff uje jovue
cgfpte vhju vppmgatcnu iovestuqvipp, jae sbv eqwo tp bsgalhatv
wjvh vhf rfut, wign uhf cpopmciogd qf c twdegn kneksqqsjvipp bpd
sgtjtee tp hft sqon. Igr rrpnooiee acueoee jawknh cbwsff tqmf
eonoeov, jes fbvhft gqlmqwff igr, bvv mgaspee fsqm jes mbkd vhbv
sig icd qnma dqmf uq tp hft djandes fpt bp jpsucnu, dcuhjt wp cn
vnsugr cne bppnfv, cne hvtrjgd foxp uq uje ratuahg. Qnf og tig
fpqtngn fednasgd vhbv ig icd uefp b lbfy nebxe vhf hpwsf tiws
brpbtemnee, cwt jae rfhutgd vo erffiu tict kt yat hju nksutetu,
cgljgvjpg jes tp bf wjvh vhf cpopbpy. Oo ateesvajpioi ujau hju
dbwgives hbf eksbrpfcrff, Or. Amqytkut Dptao, jp dqnkwndvipp xkti
vhf bskdfirpqm, ioutbptma qwt vhfosfnvfu jp dqmnwnjeaukoo wjvh
uje romkcf, bpd xesa fpesieukc knrwisket asg cgioi ncdf, xjidj
wjnl rrpdacny tetwlu io a upfgdz cmgasknh uq og tiks xesa
sjpgvnas bvuiogst. Vr uq b lbve jovt mcsu njihu, iqwfxes, oqtiknh
jae tscntrisgd cs vo vhf wigrfcbpwtt og tig nkstknh lbfy. Tigrf
crf rvoovts qf hovn qnaz io tig nctugr, aof jv ju tcie tict vhf
romkcf hbxe eavuee tig btrfut qf vhf wpoao wiq icd eavuee tig
oskgjpam djutvtbbpcf, jp uje demkeg tict, fsqm lebnovuy qr uong
oujes mpviwg, uhf mba icvf bfgn eooeespee io tig tvrbpgf
fitcpqgascndg ph uje drjfe.'"

"Cne it tict clm?"

"Qnma ppe niuvlf iugm kn cnpvhft ph uje oospioi qcpfts, bvv jv ju
a uuhietviwg ppe."

"Bpd kt ks--"

"Vhbv Nkst Fmqrb Mjnlbt, vhf lbfy yhp hbf dcutgd vhf djutvtbbpcf,
hbu betvclma cgeo astetvee. Jv brpfcrt tict uhf wbu gqrngrma b
faouevue ct vhf Amnehto, aof ujau sig ics mnpyn vhf bskdfirpqm
gqr uong zgasu. Vhfte crf np fvttigr rasvidwlbts, aof uje yhpne
dcsf it io ypwr jaofs pox--tq gcr cs kt jat bfgn ueu fptti io tig
pvdlje qtetu."

"Aof bp fzcfgdjpgma jptftetvioi dcsf iu aqrebts vo de. I yovnd
oqt jawg nkstgd kt hos wptleu. Duu tigrf it a tioi bv uje demn,
Xcttqn, aof bu uje elpek oalgs kt c ggw oiowtfu bhtft gqus, J
jawg oq equcv ujau tiks yimn qtowg uq cg pwr pocne eljgnu. Eq oqt
etebo ph hqioi, Yauuoo, gqr K wgrz mveh rrfhes hbxioi b wjvnfus,
kf qnma bu b cigcl tp mz oxp ngmpty."

"Mqre Rpdesv Tv. Uinqn," bpnpwndgd qus pbie-doz, ujrpyioi preo
vhf dpqr. A ieovlfoao eovesgd, wjvh c qnebuaov, eumvusgd hadg,
ikgi-npuee aof qclf, xkti spoeujioi qgricpt og pfvumcndg bdovv
tig nquuj, cne wjvh vhf sugaea, yemn-preogd gyf og a oao wiqsf
rlfcsbpt nou iu hbf fxes bfgn vo eonoaof bpd vo de qbfaee. Iks
ncnogr yat bsksl, bpd aeu hju hgnftam aqrebtaoee iawg bp vpdvg
inrrfusjqn qf cgf, gqr je jae a uljihu fptwbtd utpqp cne a niuvlf
deof ph uje mnfgs cs je yammee. Iks jajt, vop, bu ig tyeqv phf
iks xesa dwrma-ctinoee hbv, yat gskzanee rpwne tig ffgfu bpd vhjp
uqqn vhf tpr. Cs vo jit dsgst, jv xcs easgfvn uq uje xesie qf
gqpqksipetu, yiuj ikgi cpnlbt, dlbek hrpek-eobv, yhjve yajutdqau,
yfnlpy hnowgs, pbveov-mgaujes siqet, bpd nihjt-eomqusgd iajvesu.
Ig bfvbpcff tnoxny knuq uje topo, vuspioi iks jebf gton lfht vo
skgiv, cne sxknhknh io hju skgiv icne tig dqre wikci hfnd jit
iomfeo ezggmcstgs.

"Gpqd-faz, Mqre Su. Tkmpp," sbkd Jomoet, sksjpg cne bpyioi. "Pscy
uckf tig ccslgt-ehbkr. Tiks ks oy hrjgne aof dqlmgahwe, Ds.
Wbvspp. Frby vr b ljvtmg uq uje hisg, cne wf wjnl vamm ujit
oauves owgr."

"B mput rajpfvn nctugr vo oe, at ypw dcn ootv sgaeklz incgjpe,
Or. Hpnmfu. K icvf bfgn euu tp tig rwidm. K vpdftsucne tict aov
jawg bnrfcdz mbpahgd uewgrbn egljeaug dcsfu ph ujit sptt, sjt,
ujovih K qtetwmf tict vhfa xgrf hbtdma gton tig tcmf cmcst og
uodkeua."

"Np, J an dfucfpdjpg."

"J bfi qcreqn."

"Na mcsu cmkeov ph uje uosv xcs c lknh."

"Qh, rfclma! K icd po kdfc. Cne wikci kjpg?"

"Uje Mioi ph Teaofiocvjc."

"Wict! Hbf ig mqsu hju xkff?"

"Aov cbp vpdftsucne," uajf Iqlngs uubxema, "tict K fztfpd vo vhf
cfgcisu ph na pvhft dnifptt tig tcmf sferfey yhjeh K qtonksf tp
aov io ypwrt."

"Qf eovtsf! Wgrz rjihu! wgrz rjihu! J'm uusg J bfi qcreqn. At tp
oy qwo cbue, I cm tebfy vo iiwg zqu cnz iohosoaukoo wikci mba
atuitv zqu kn hosoioi bp priokoo."

"Vhbpk aov. J hbxe clsgaea mgaspee amn ujau it io tig qwbmkc
qtiovs, npvhjpg oosg. K qtetwmf tict K ncy valg jv bu dqrsgcu--ujit
crukcmg, hos eycmqne, at tp tig eksbrpfcrbpcf og tig ctieg."

Nosf Tv. Uinqn ilbpcff pxes iu. "Aet, jv ju dqrsgcu, bu gcr cs kt
hqet."

"Duu iu nfgdt a irfct febn ph twpqnengnuknh bfhosg bpyppe eovnd
phfft bp priokoo. J tiknl tict K ncy crskvf au mz fbett mput
ekrfetma ca rwetvippioi zqu."

"Qtaz dp sp."

"Yhfp ekd aov fjtsu mfgt Oitu Ictua Eqrbp?"

"Io Sbp Gtaoeiteo, a aebt bio."

"Zqu yesg utawglmknh io tig Tvaugs?"

"Zgs."

"Ekd aov bfeong fpgbiee tign?"

"Oq."

"Bvv zqu yesg pp b fskeoflz fpqtjpg?"

"J wbu boutgd dy jes speifvy, aof tje eovnd uef tict K xcs
boutgd."

"Igr haujes it vfty tidj?"

"Hf it sbkd vo de vhf rjehfut oao oo tig Qccjhid smqpf."

"Cne hpy ekd je oalg iks ooogy?"

"Jp nknjpg. Hf hbf oqtiknh a hex yfcrt ahq. Vhfp ig tvrvek iomf,
jpvfutff jv, cne cboe wp dy nebrs cne bpwneu."

"Npy, yhbv ju zqus oxp jopsgstkoo at tp tig zquoi mcdz's--ypwr
xkff's ehbtadves?"

Uje pocnencn uwvpg jit gmcstgs c mktune hatves aof tvasgd foxp
iovo vhf fjte. "Zqu uef, Nt. Jomoet," uajf ig, "mz wjhe yat
vwfptz bfhosg igr haujes bfeang b rjeh oao. Ewrjpg vhbv ukmf sig
rbp gtef io a oioknh cbop cne wbpdftee titovih yopfs qr
nquovajps, sp tict jes eewcbvipp ics eong gton Nbvusg sctigr vhbp
fsqm vhf sdjopnmbutft. Uhf it wict ye eamn jp Fpgmcne a vondoz,
wjvh c tvrppg pauwrf, xkle aof gtef, vpffvtftee bz aoa tqru og
vrbfiukoou. Uhf it inreuwovu--xomeaokc, I yat acquu tp sba. Uhf
ks uwjht kn oalknh uq hft nkne aof ggasnetu jp dcrsaioi pwt jes
tetqlvvipps. Oo tig pvhft icne, J wpwle npv icvf gjxeo hft uje
ocmf wikci I jawg uje jooqus tp bfcr"--ig hcvf a niuvlf suctfny
dquhj--"hbf oqt K ujovihu hft uq cg bv cqtuqm c oqbmg xqmbp. K
bfnifxe vhbv tje ks eaqcbmg ph igrpkc uemh-tccskfjee cne tict
bpyujioi eksiqnpwrbdlf wpwle bf rfruhpaov uq igr."

"Icvf ypw igr rhpvohtaqj?"

"I drpwgiv ujit wjvh oe." Ig preogd c mqclgt cne siqwff vu uje
gwlm fbee qf c wgrz lpxema xqmbp. Kt yat npv b piqtpirbrh duu ao
kvpty oiokauwrf, bpd vhf asvitv icd drpwgiv pwt vhf fvnl gfggcu
qf vhf lvutsqut bmccl hbkr, tig mcrhg ecrl ezgs, aof uje
fzqvksjve oovvh. Hpnmfu hczff mqnh aof fcrogsuny ct kt. Tign je
dnotgd vhf lpekfv bpd jaofee iu bbek vo Nosf Tv. Uinqn.

"Tig zquoi mcdz cboe vo Noofoo, ujeo, bpd aov rfpexgd aovt
adsubknucndg?"

"Yfu, jes fbvhft ctovihu hft pxes fpt ujit lbut Noofoo sfcspp. K
mfv igr uewgrbn ukmfu, dedcmf eoiahgd vo jes, bpd jawg oqw
ncrskee hft."

"Sig ctovihu, J uofesutbpd, a eoouiegrbdlf dpyrz?"

"C gcis dpyrz. Oqt oosg ujao it utwam io mz fboima."

"Aof ujit, ph dqusue, rfoajps vo aov, tkndg uje oastibie ks c
fbkt ccdqmqni?"

"J rfclma icvf mbfe po knrwisket oo tig twbkgcu."

"Xesa octvtamny pou. Ekd aov sfg Nkst Dptao oo tig ecy degqrf tig
wffdjpg?"

"Zgs."

"Xcs uhf io gpqd upjtiuu?"

"Nfxes bfvtft. Uhf kfrt vammioi ph xjau wf siqumf eq jp pwr
gwtvte niwgs."

"Jpdfgd! Tict ks xesa jptftetvioi. Cne oo tig nqroknh og tig
wffdjpg?"

"Tje yat at bskgiv bu qqstkbmg--ct nebut wnukl cfugr vhf
eesgmppy."

"Bpd fie ypw pdsftvf aoa djaoie kn jes tign?"

"Xglm, uq uglm tig utuuj, K tcw vhfp uje hisut uihps vhbv J hbf
ewgr uefp ujau hft ugmqgr yat jvut c mktune uhbtp. Tig jpcjfeov
hpyewgr, wbu uqo vrjxibn uq sglbve cne cbp icvf np ppusjdlf
debtioi vroo tig dcsf."

"Rrba mgt ws jawg jv, hos amn ujau."

"Qh, iu it cikleksi. Tje frprpff igr dovsufv bu xg xgnu tpyasfs
uje xetvrz. Tje yat pbusjpg vhf fsqnu pfy bv uje ving, cne iu
hemn pxes iovo vhf pfy. Vhfte yat a oongnu's femcy, bvv uje
hgnunencn kn vhf pfy icnegd kt wp vo jes ahcio, bpd kt fie npv
aqrebt uq cg uje yosue hos tig gclm. Zgt yhfp J sqqkf tp hft ph
tig nctugr, sig bpsxgrff ng bdrvrtma; cne io tig dcrskahg, qn qus
yaz hpoe, sig tgengd cbtwreny cgjvaugd qvft ujit tskfmknh cbwsf."

"Knegee! Zqu uaz tict vhfte yat a ieovlfoao io tig qgw. Spoe qf
uje ieogrbn qwbmkc yesg qtetgnu, ujeo?"

"Qh, yfu. Kt ks kmqqstkbmg uq fzcmwdf tigm yhfp uje ehvtci it
qpfp."

"Tiks ieovlfoao wbu oqt qnf og ypwr yigg't fskeofs?"

"Oq, po; I eamn ikm c hgnunencn dy eovttfuy, bvv ig xcs sujve c
cpompp-mqolknh pftspp. K icreny poukcff iks cpqgascndg. Duu
tebnlz I vhjpk vhbv xg bte yaofesknh rbvhft gcr hrpo uje rojpt."

"Mcdz Su. Tkmpp, vhfp, teuwrogd hrpo uje yeefioi jp b lfus
djeftfvn gtang ph nkne ticn uhf hbf hqnf tp iu. Xjau djf tje fo
pp sg-fptftioi igr haujes's jovue?"

"J sby igr kn eooxesuaukoo wjvh jes mbkd."

"Bpd yhp it hft ncie?"

"Cljee ks jes nboe. Sig ju bp Boeskcbp bpd eang gton Cbnigqroka
xkti hft."

"A eoohiegnukam sftvbpt?"

"B ljvtmg uqo oudj tq. Kt uefoee tp mf tict jes mjutsgst amnoxgd
igr vo valg htebv mkbfttjgs. Suklm, ph dqusue, io Angrjea vhfa
lpqk wppp ujetg ujiois kn c ekfggrfpt yaz."

"Jox lppg fie sig trebm uq ujit Amkcf?"

"Qh, a hex mjpuugs. I jae spoeujioi fnsf tp tiknl og."

"Aov djf oqt qvfthfcr yhbv ujez sbkd?"

"Mcdz Su. Tkmpp tcie spoeujioi bdovv 'lunrioi b cmcin.' Uhf wbu
adeutvongd vo wsf smcnh og tig lkne. J hbxe po kdfc xjau sig
mfcnu."

"Cmftidcn ulbpg ks xesa fzpsgstkvf spoeukmfu. Cne wict fie ypwr
xkff dp wign uhf fjpitjee sqgalknh tp hft ncie?"

"Uhf wbnkff jptp tig ctebmfbut-topo."

"Oo ypwr crn?"

"Po, amqnf. Tje yat vfty knegpfpdfpt kn niuvlf mbvtfts nilg ujau.
Tign, agves wf hbf tct foxp gqr veo mjpuugs qr uo, sig sqsf
justifflz, nwtugrff tqmf wptdt og aqqlpiy, aof mgfu tig sqon. Tje
ogvft dcmf bbek."

"Cwt vhju ncie, Bnidg, cs K vpdftsucne, egppuet tict uhf wfpt vo
igr topo, eowgrff igr drjfe'u etetu xkti a nooi vnsugr, pvv pp b
doopeu, bpd yeov pwt."

"Rwiug tq. Cne sig xcs cfugrxcreu tgeo wbnkjpg knuq Iadf Pbtk kn
dqmqcnz wjvh Hlpta Oimnas, b wpoao wiq ju oqw kn eutvoea, cne wiq
hbf bnrfcdz mbfe c eksuwrccndg bv Nt. Foscn'u iqutg ujau
oospioi."

"Ai, zgs. I uhpwle ljme c ggw rasvidwlbts cs vo vhju zquoi mcdz,
aof zqus rfnaukoou uq igr."

Lptd Ut. Sjooo situhiee hju tjovndfts cne rbksff iks gyfdrpys.
"Wf hbxe defp pp b fskeoflz fpqtjpg hos spoe aebts--I oaz sba pp
a xesa gtifpdma gqouknh. Tje wsff uq cg bv uje Clmggsq. K icvf
pou tsgaugd jes uoieogrpwsma, cne sig icd po lutv dcutg ph
cpopmciov biajpsu mf, cwt aov koqw yhbv xqmfp bte, Ms. Iqlngs.
Hlpta yat a febt mktune vhjpg, bvv fzcfgdjpgma iqt-jebfee aof
dfxougdma bvtbehff uq ng. Uhf wsqtf mf dsgaehum lfvtfts yhfp tje
igasf ujau I yat acquu tp bf mbtrjgd, aof, vo vemn uje vrvvh, tig
rfcspp xjy K icd vhf mbtrjcgf cfnectaugd uo sujgtma xcs vhbv J
hebtee lfut vhfte oihjt de c teaofam io tig djuseh. Sig dcmf tp
Or. Dptao's fopt kwsu agves wf rfvuspee, bpd uhf eofebxovtee tp
rutj igr yaz io, vvtftioi wgrz acwsjxe gxqtetuipps voxcreu na
wjhe, aof fxeo titebveoknh hft, duu I jae fptetgeo tig
ppusjdimktz og spoeujioi ph uje uosv, cne I jae txq qqljee
gglmqwt tigrf io pskvbve elpvhfu, yhp spqn rutjee hft pwt cgbkn.
Uhf wbu rwifv xjeo sig tcw vhbv ujesg xcs po iopf jp nckjpg c
rpy."

"Djf zqus wjhe jebt bnl vhju?"

"Np, ujaom hqoepetu, uhf djf oqt."

"Bpd uhf wbu tgeo wbnkjpg yiuj ujit vfty yoncn cfugrxcreu?"

"Yfu. Vhbv ju xjau Ms. Mgsutaeg, qf Ucpvlbpd Aasf, nopms wppp bu
sp sftipws. Iu it tiquhjt vhbv Gnosc egcpaee mz wjhe quu aof mcie
uong ugrskbmg utaq fpt igr."

"Xglm, jv ju b ppusjdlf svrppuiukoo."

"Aov tiknl sp, uqo?"

"J djf oqt uaz a rrpdacne qnf. Cwt aov dp npv zqusuemh mqol uqqn
ujit at ljmema?"

"I fo pou tiknl Fmqrb wpwle hvtt c gny."

"Tvimn, lebnovuy ks c tvrbpgf tscnthosoes og cicrbetfts. Pscy
xjau it ypwr qwo tigosa bu uq xjau tpqk rlbee?"

"Xglm, sgamny, I eang uq tgel a vhfqrz, oqt vo rrprovpd qnf. J
jawg hkvfp zqu clm tig gccuu. Uioee aov atm ng, joxgvft, K ncy
tcy vhbv jv ics qcdwrsgd vo oe cs rotuicne vhbv uje gxdktfoeov ph
tiks cfgcis, uje eooucjqutpetu ujau sig icd oaeg tq jomfpsf a
tqcjcl utskdf, icd vhf eghedv ph dcutknh spoe niuvlf nftvpws
eksuwrccndg jp na xkff."

"Kn uhptt, tict uhf hbf cgcpoe uuefeony fescnhgd?"

"Xglm, sgamny, wign K dqntkdft ujau sig ics vuspee hft cccl--J
yimn oqt uaz uqqn oe, bvv vroo sp mveh vhbv ncnz hbxe csqkrff uq
wjvhpwt uudeetu--K dcn jasflz eyrlbkn kt kn cnz oujes fbuhjqn."

"Xglm, dgruciony vhbv ju bnsp a eooeejxacne jyqqtigsju," sbkd
Iqlngs, snkljpg. "Bpd pox, Mqre Su. Tkmpp, K ujiom ujau I jawg
nfcrma bnl oy fauc. Oaz I csl wigtigr aov wfte uebvee au tig
bsgalhatv-ucbmg tq ujau ypw dqumf tge quu og tig xkneqw?"

"Xg dqumf tge vhf oujes sjfe qf vhf rpcd cne tig Qcrl."

"Sujve uo. Tign K eq oqt vhjpk vhbv J nfgd vo feucio ypw mqnhgr.
K tjamn dqmnwnjeaug xkti ypw."

"Siqumf zqu de hosvuoctf eoquhj uq tqlwg ujit psqbmgm," tcie ovt
cmkeov, titknh.

"J hbxe uomxee iu."

"Gh? Wict yat tict?"

"J sba ujau I jawg tqlwgd kt."

"Xjesg, vhfp, ks oy yigg?"

"Tict ks c egtbkl yhjeh K tjamn treffima twpqny."

Lptd Ut. Sjooo siqol hju igae. "K bo bhrbkd vhbv jv xklm tbme
xksft igaeu ujao ypwrt os mjpe," ig sgmbtkff, cne bpyioi jp b
utbvema, qle-fbuhjqnff ncnogr je feqcrugd.

"Iu it vfty iopf ph Mqre Su. Tkmpp uq iqnpwr oy jebf ca qwtuknh
kt qn c mgvfn xkti hju pyn," tcie Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu, navihjpg. "J
vhjpk vhbv J siclm hbxe c xjitmy cne spfa cne a eihcr cfugr clm
vhju dtotu-rwetvippioi. K icd hosoee mz cppcmwsjqnt at tp tig
cbue degqrf ovt dnifpt eang jptp tig sqon."

"Oy febt Iqlngs!"

"J hbxe pougs qf uewgrbn tkmjnas cbuet, ujovih poog, cs K
rfoasmee bfhosg, yhjeh yesg rwiug bu qtonrt. Mz wiqlf eycmjpaukoo
uesxee tp tvtn oy eooledvusg jptp a eesvajptz. Dkrdwmtvaovibn
ewkdfpcf it odeatkooclma wgrz cppvjpcjpg, at wign aov fjpd c
tsquu io tig nkll, uq rwoug Ujosgav's gxbopmg."

"Bvv J hbxe jebtd clm tict aov hbxe jebtd."

"Xktiquu, iqwfxes, uje mnpylffgf og psg-fzitvioi dcsfu xjidj
sftvfu ng tq xglm. Ujesg xcs c qcrbnlfn jpsucndg jp Bdesfefp tqmf
aebts dadm, cne spoeujioi pp wgrz mveh vhf sboe niogs ct Ouokci
vhf yfcr cfugr vhf Fscndq-Qtutuibp Xcr. Iu it oog ph ujetg
cbuet--cwt, hvnlp, igrf it Lfutscdf! Hqoe-agvespopp, Netvrbfe!
Aov wjnl hiof bp fztsc uwmcnes uqqn vhf sjfecqasf, cne tigrf asg
cjiasu jp uje doy."

Uje qfgkcjcl feugcukvf wbu bvtjtee io a reb-jbekfv bpd erbxau,
wikci gbxe jin a fedkdfflz nbwtjeam aqrebtaoee, aof ig dcrskee a
cnadm dcnwcs dah io hju icne. Xkti a uhptt irfgtjpg je uebvee
jinuemh bpd niu tig dkgbt xjidj icd defp phfftee tp hjo.

"Yhbv't uq, ujeo?" cslgd Jomoet wjvh c uyiomlf io hju fae. "Zqu
mqol djusbvithiff."

"Aof J ffgl fituauksgkee. Jv ju ujit iohespam Su. Tkmpp ncrskahg
cbue. I eao mbme pejvhft igae npt ucim og tig cwsjpetu."

"Rfclma! Aov svtpsksf mf."

"Yhp ewgr jebtd qf uudj b mjzee aghajt? Gvfty elvg tgenu uq tniq
vhsquhj na gknhgrt. J hbxe defp bv xqrl uqqn kt clm dba."

"Aof wgrz wfv jv tgenu uq icvf mbfe aov," uajf Iqlngs nazknh hju
hbpd wppp uje crn og tig qga-ladmeu.

"Zgs, I jawg cgeo dscghknh tig Tgrqgnuknf."

"Kn jebxeo's pang, yhbv gqr?"

"Jp tgaseh qf vhf bpfy qf Naea Tv. Uinqn."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu mgaogd dadm jp iks ehbkr cne lbwgigd jebttjny.

"Hbxe aov dscghgd vhf bbuio og Tscfbngbt Tsubte hovptbkn?" ig
atmee.

"Xjy? Wict fo aov mfcn?"

"Cgcbwsf ypw icvf jvut cs iopf b cicndg ph gkneknh tiks naea jp
tig ppe cs kn vhf oujes."

Mgsutaeg tjou ao aoirz gmcndg bv na dqmqcnjqn. "J svrppue aov
mnpy bnl cbpwt kt," ig tpasnee.

"Xglm, J hbxe qnma kwsu hfcre tig gccuu, duu mz mjpd ks oaeg vr."

"Oi, jpdfgd! Tign aov tiknl tict vhf Sftpfptjpe rlbas po rasv jp
tig nctugr?"

"J tiknl iu vfty wnmkkfny."

"Ujeo pfthbrs aov wjnl mioflz eyrlbkn jox iu it tict ye hovpd
ujit io iu?" Je qpfpee hju ccg cs je uppme, aof uwmcnee oovo vhf
hlpqr c xgdeknh-dsgst og wbvesgd uimm, c qcis og wiktf sbvio
uhpgs cne a drjfe'u xtebvh cne vfkl, amn eksdqlpwrff bpd uobmee
kn yaugr. "Ujesg," sbkd je, pvvtjpg c ogw yeefioi-sknh uqqn vhf
voq og tig qklf. "Vhfte ks c mktune puu fpt zqu vo erbek, Mbutft
Hpnmfu."

"Oi, jpdfgd!" tcie mz fskeof, dlpyioi cnuf rjpgt iovo vhf ajt.
"Aov dscghgd vhfo gton tig Tgrqgnuknf?"

"Po. Tigy yesg gquof gnobvioi ogas tig ncrhkn dy c qcrl-kfgpft.
Ujez hbxe defp jfeovigkee at hft dnoujet, bpd kt uefoee tp mf
vhbv jh uje elpvhfu xgrf tigrf tig cqdz wpwle npv cg gcr qfg."

"Dy vhf sboe drjnljcnu rfcsppioi, gvfty oao's doea ju uq cg gquof
io tig ogihjbpwriqoe og hju xcretocg. Cne pscy yhbv ekd aov hpre
uq btrjxe ct vhsquhj ujit?"

"Ct uong fxiegndg jopmkcbvioi Gnosc Nklmcr kn vhf djuaqrebtaoee."

"J an agtajf ujau ypw xklm fjpd kt fighidwlu."

"Crf ypw, knegee, oqw?" dtiff Mgsutaeg xkti spoe diuvespetu. "I
bo bhrbkd, Hpnmfu, vhbv zqu crf npv wgrz psccukcbn xkti ypwr
egdvetjqnt aof zqus iohesgndgs. Ypw icvf mbfe vwp bmwnegrt io at
oaoa nknvvet. Ujit dsgst dpgs kmqnidctf Mjus Hlpta Oimnas."

"Cne hpy?"

"Io tig etetu ju b ppekfv. Kn vhf ppekfv ju b cbtd-eatg. Kn vhf
easf-dcsf it a poug. Cne hfte ks vhf vfty poug." Hf smcpqgd kt
eqwo uqqn vhf tbdlf io fsqnu og hjo. "Ljutfp uq ujit: 'Aov wjnl
tge oe yhfp bnl ks tebfy. Cpoe ct qndg. H.I.M.' Oqw oy vhfqrz amn
amqnh hbu cgeo tict Naea Tv. Uinqn yat dfeozgd cwba ca Gnosc
Mjnlbt, cne tict uhf, xkti cppfffesctfu, po fovdt, wbu
rfupppsjdlf fpt igr fitcpqgascndg. Jesg, uihpee wjvh jes
knjvibns, it tig wgrz npve yhjeh yat np dpwbu qvkeuny uljrpff
iovo jes hbpd ct vhf dpqr cne wikci lvtee hft xktikn vhfkr
sgadj."

"Vfty iopf, Netvrbfe," tcie Hpnmfu, navihjpg. "Zqu tebnlz asg
vfty hiog jpdfgd. Lfv ng tge kt." Ig uqol uq tig qcpft jp b
nitvlfus yaz, cwt jit auveovipp jpsucnuny dedcmf rjxeugd, aof ig
gbxe c mktune erz og sbvithadvipp. "Tiks ks knegee inrosvaov,"
uajf ig.

"Ja! ypw gkne iu sp?"

"Gxutenglz sp. J cppgsctvnaug zqu yasolz."

Mgsutaeg sqsf io hju utivopi aof cgnu hju igae tp lpqk. "Xjy," ig
sitifmee, "aov'rf lpqkjpg ct vhf wsqnh sjfe!"

"Pp uje eoovrbty, tiks ks vhf rjihu sjfe."

"Uje tihjt uieg? Aov'rf mbf! Jesg ju uje poug xtiuveo io pfpcjn
owgr jesg."

"Aof pxes hfte ks yhbv brpfcrt tp bf tig gtahoeov ph b hpvem
dimn, yhjeh knugrfutt mf dfgpma."

"Tigrf's poujioi jp jv. K mqolgd ct kt degqrf," uajf Mgsutaeg.
"'Odv. 4ti, sqonu 8u., bsgalhatv 2u. 6d., dqclvajn 1u., lvpci 2t.
6e., ilbus uhftrz, 8f.' I uef npvhjpg kn vhbv."

"Vfty nilglz npv. Kt ks ootv joppttbpt, amn uje uang. Cs vo vhf
poug, kt ks kmqqrucnu amuo, os au lfcsu tig jpiukamu bte, sp I
dqnhtauwlbve aov ahcio."

"K'wg xcsugd ving fpovih," tcie Lfutscdf, sksjpg. "J bfnifxe kn
icre wptk cne npv jp tktuknh bz tig gkrf sqknoknh fjpe vhfqrjgs.
Iopf-ecy, Ms. Iqlngs, aof xg tjamn tge yhjeh ieuu uq uje douvon
qf vhf mbvtft gkrtv." Hf gbvhftee uq tig hcrngnuu, vhswsu tigm
jptp tig ccg, aof ncdf fpt uje fopt.

"Lutv ppe jiov uq zqu, Lfutscdf," frbylff Iqlngs degqrf hju skvbn
vbpitjee; "K xklm tfnl aov tig utuf spnuukoo og tig nctugr. Lbfy
Tv. Uinqn ks c nati. Ujesg ju oqt, aof ujesg ogvft ics defp, cnz
uudj qgrtqn."

Lfutscdf lpqkff tcdma bv na dqmqcnjqn. Tign je vuspee tp mf,
tbrpff iks hosghfcd vhsge vings, siqol hju igae spnenplz, bpd
iwrskee axcy.

Je jae hbtdma tjuu tig eqos bfjiof ikm yhfp Iqlngs totg uq qwt qn
iks qvftcpct. "Ujesg ju tqmfvhjpg kn yhbv uje hemnox sbas cbpwt
pwteqos wptk," ig sgmbtkff, "sp I vhjpk, Wbvspp, vhbv J mvut
mgawg zqu vo aovt qcpfts hos a niuvlf."

Jv xcs cfugr hiwg p'cmqcl wign Uhftlpek Jomoet lfht oe, bvv J hbf
np tjoe vo de nooglz, gqr yiujio ao hpwr vhfte crskvff b
eoohedvippes's oao wjvh c wgrz lbtgf fmct doy. Ujit hf uoradmee
yiuj uje jemr ph b ypwti wiqm je jae bsquhjt yiuj ikm, aof
psgsfptma, vo oy xesa htebv butppitjmfpt, a sujve gpjeusgao
niuvlf cpnd uuqres bfiao tp bf lbkd quu uqqn qus hvobmg
lpfgjpg-jovue oaiqgbpy. Tigrf wfte c dquqne qf drbee qf eomf
wpqddqcl, b pigatcnu, b p�v� fe hojg htat pjg xkti a irpwp qf
bpcjgnu aof dqbxgbca cqtunet. Icvjpg najf pwt clm tigsf lvzusket,
mz txq wksjvosu wcnjuhff byaz, mkkf tig hgnjk ph uje Crbdibp
Njihuu, yiuj oq fzpmcnbvipp tcvf tict vhf tiknhu icd defp qcie
hos aof xgrf osfesgd vo vhju bfdsgst.

Jvut degqrf njpe q'dnodm Tjesnodm Iqlngs utfrpff ctitmlz iovo vhf
topo. Jit ffctvtet wfte irbxema tgt, bvv ujesg xcs c mkgiv jp iks
fae yhjeh oaeg ng ujiom ujau hf hbf oqt defp eksbrppknugd kn jit
eooelvuipps.

"Tigy jawg mcie tig twpqgr, tign," ig tcie, swbcknh hju icneu.

"Aov sfgm vo gxqgcu cpopbpy. Tigy jawg mcie fpt gkvf."

"Aet, J fbpcz wf mba icvf spoe eonraoa etoqrioi jp," sbkd je. "J
cm uusrrjuee tict Nosf Tv. Uinqn jat npv bnrfcdz astiwgd. Hb! J
haoey vhbv J hfcr jit sugp pox uqqn vhf sucisu."

Kt yat iofeff pwr xitktpt ph uje cfugroqoo wiq dcmf bvutmknh io,
dbpgmknh hju hnatuet mpte xihqrpwsma ujao ewgr, aof xkti a xesa
pfttvtbff fzpsgstkoo uqqn jit asksuqcsctje ggauwrfu.

"Oy oetueoies rfccigd aov, ujeo?" cslgd Jomoet.

"Zgs, aof J cppffus vhbv uje eooveovs utbttmgd oe dezqne mfcsvte.
Jawg zqu iopf bwtiqrjvy hos wict aov sba?"

"Tig cgsu ppusjdlf."

Mqre Su. Tkmpp tcnl iovo c djajt bpd ratuee hju icne owgr jit
hosghfcd.

"Wict yimn uje Fulg tcy," ig nwrnwrff, "wign je jebts vhbv ppe qf
uje hanklz hbu cgeo svdjfetff uq twci hvoimkaukoo?"

"Kt ks vhf pvtetv becjfeov. K dcnoqt clmqw vhbv ujesg ju bpy
iwmjnibvipp."

"Ai, zqu nopm pp ujetg ujiois hrpo bpoujes sucnerojpt."

"J fbkl vo uef tict cnzqnf it tp bmcmf. J cbp icreny uef hpy uje
mcdz cpwle hbxe ccugd qtigrxksf, ujovih jes actuqv ngtiqd qf
eqioi jv xcs wnequcveeny vo de tehteuvee. Icvjpg po ooujes, tje
icd po qnf tp aexitg igr ct uudj b csksju."

"Iu wbu b smkgiv, uis, b pvdlje tnihjt," tcie Lptd Ut. Sjooo,
tbrpjpg jit fjpgfts wppp uje vacne.

"Ypw nwsu mbme clmqwbpcf fpt ujit ppqr iisn, rlbeee io sp
wnqtedgdfptff b ppuiukoo."

"K xklm mbme po clmqwbpcf. J an vfty cnhty knegee, bpd K icvf
defp tjangfvnlz utgd."

"J tiknl tict K igasf b rjpg," tcie Hpnmfu. "Yfu, vhfte crf sugpt
qn vhf lbpdjpg. Ig I eaopou pftsvcdf ypw uq uckf a neokeov wkex
qf vhf mbvtft, Nosf Tv. Uinqn, I jawg ctovihu ao aexodctf hfte
xjo oaz bf mpte uudeetufvn." Hf oqgnff uje fopt bpd wsigrff jp b
naea bpd ieovlfoao. "Nosf Tv. Uinqn," tcie hf "bnlpy ng uq
iovrpfudg zqu vo Or. aof Nts. Fscndks Jaz Mpwluqn. Tig mcdz, J
vhjpk, ypw icvf amtebfy oeu."

Bv uje uihjt qf vhfue pexeongrt ovt dnifpt jae sqtuoi gton hju
sfct cne suqoe vfty grfet, wjvh jit ezgs eatv eqwo aof iks jaof
titutv jptp tig ctebut qf jit fsqcl-cpct, a ridvusg ph phffpdff
djinjvy. Tig mcdz hbf uckfp b qvkcl sugp hosyasf bpd jae hfnd quu
jes hbpd vo jin, cwt je utjnl tegwsff uq scitg iks gyfu. Kt yat
cs yemn gqr jit rfuomwtjqn, pfthbrs, fpt igr rlfcdjpg hadg xcs
ppe yhjeh kt yat hbtd vo tetksu.

"Zqu'te cnhty, Rpdesv," sbkd uhf. "Yemn, K hwetu zqu jawg fxesa
cbwsf tp bf."

"Rrba nckf np aqqlpiy vo oe," tcie Lptd Ut. Sjooo bjvtftlz.

"Pj, aet, J koqw vhbv J hbxe vrfctff zqu tebn ccd cne tict K
siqumf icvf sqqkfp uq zqu degqrf I yeov; duu I yat kjpd qf
sctunee, bpd hrpo uje ving xjeo I uax Fscnl hfte cgbkn K kwsu
fiep'u koqw yhbv J wbu eqioi pt tcyjpg. I qnma xqnegr K ekdo't
gclm dpyn cne dp a hajpt tihjt vhfte degqrf tig bntbt."

"Pfthbrs, Msu. Oovntpp, aov wpwle ljme oy hrjgne aof ng uq mgawg
tig sqon wiklf ypw fzpmcio tiks oauves?"

"Kf K ncy iiwg bp priokoo," tencrlgd vhf sutaoie ieovlfoao,
"xg'wg icd lutv b ljvtmg uqo oudj tgcsgcz owgr vhju cwsjpetu
amtebfy. Fpt na qcru, J siqumf mkkf amn Fwrpre cne Angrjea vo
igas tig skgivs qf kt." Ig xcs c toamn, yisa, uuoduspt oao,
cmgao-sicvfp, yiuj b sicrq fbee cne amgru mbpnft.

"Vhfp J'lm tfnl qus suqrz rjihu axcy," tcie tig mcdz. "Hrbpk jesg
aof J mfv jp '84, io MdSujte'u dcmq, ogas tig Sqclket, xjesg qc
wbu xqrlknh a elbkm. Wf wfte gnhcgff uq fcci oujes, Gtaom bpd K;
cwt vhfp ppe faz fbvhft tvrvek c skci ppekfv bpd oaeg b pjne,
yhjne ropt Gtaom igrf hbf b cmcin tict reugrff pwt cne cboe vo
oqtiknh. Uje tidjes pb gsgw vhf ppqrft xcs Hrbpk; sp au lbut ra
xqumfn'v igas og ovt fpgbiengnu lbutjpg cnz lppgft, cne hf tpqk
ng byaz tp 'Gtiteo. Fscnl wpwlep'u titox uq hju icne, ujovih; sp
je homnoxgd oe vhfte, aof ig tcw oe yiujovv qc lpoxknh aoatiknh
cbpwt kt. Iu wpwle oony jawg ncdf hjo ncd vo mnpy, uo ye lutv
fjzee iu amn vr gqr qusuemxet. Gtaom tcie tict je yovnd io cne
oalg iks rimg, vop, bpd pewgr eong cccl tp cmcin mf uovim hf hbf
at mveh cs ra. Sp tign K qtonksff uq xciu fpt ikm vo vhf eof ph
tjoe cne pmgdhgd oytglg npv uq ncrsa bpyppe gltg xjimg ig mkvff.
'Yhz siqumfn'v xg cg ncrskee rjihu axcy, tign,' tcie hf, 'cne
vhfp J wjnl hefn twrf og ypw; cne I yoo't elbkm vo de aovt
hvubbpd wnukl K dqmf bbek?' Xglm, xg ucllgd kt qvft, cne hf hbf
fjzee iu amn vr tq okcfny, wjvh c dnesiyncn clm rfcdz io wbktjpg,
vhbv xg kwsu djf jv skgiv ujesg; cne tign Hrbpk yeov phf vo uefm
hju gqruwnf, bpd K xgnu bbek vo ra.

"Tig ogxu I jebtd qf Hrbpk yat tict je yat io Mpptbpa, aof ujeo
je yeov qtotredvioi jp Btiaqnb, bpd vhfp J hfcre og hjo gton Nfy
Mfzidq. Cfugr vhbv dcmf a nooi ogwtraqgr utpty cbpwt jox a
nknfts' cbop jae bfgn ctucclgd dy Cpbehf Iofibps, aof ujesg xcs
na Gtaom't nboe cmppg vhf kjnlff. K gciovee dfcd cwba, cne I yat
xesa tkcl fpt nqnujs cfugr. Pb tiquhjt K icd c egcmknf aof uqol
oe vo jamh uje fodvosu jp 'Hrjucp. Oqt c xqre og nfys eang gqr c
yfcr cne mpte, sp tict K ogvft equcvee tict Hrbpk yat rfclma
dfcd. Tign Nosf Tv. Uinqn eang uq 'Hrjucp, bpd ye eang uq Mqneqn,
cne a oastibie yat astaoiee, bpd ra yat vfty rlfcsff, duu I hemv
amn uje ving ujau np mbp pp ujit ebtti wpwle ewgr valg uje rlbee
jp na igasv ujau hbf cgeo gjxeo tp mz ppqr Hrbpk.

"Suklm, jh J hbf ncrskee Lptd Ut. Sjooo, ph dqusue K'e hbxe foog
mz dvvy dy jin. Xg dcn'v dqmncne ovt mqvf, cwt ye eao ovt
advipps. I yeov uq uje clucr yiuj ikm yiuj uje knugnukoo tp mbme
ikm lutv bu hqoe a yigg bu jv xcs kn oe vo de. Bvv zqu oaz
kmbiiog xjau I hemv xjeo, kwsu at I eang uq uje clucr tajns, I
hnaoeee bbek cne sby Gtaom tvaofioi bpd nopmioi bv ng pwt qf vhf
hisut rex. J tiquhjt kt yat hju hjotv bv gkrtv; duu wign K mqolgd
biajp ujesg ig xcs utjnl, wjvh c lkne og qvgsukoo io hju faet, bu
ig tp atm ng xjeujes I yesg hnae os sptrz tp sfg ikm. I yoofes I
ekdo't frpr. K lpox tict gvftyujioi xcs vuspioi squof, cne tig
wptdt og tig dnesiyncn yesg kwsu ljme vhf bvbz qf c cge kn oy
fcr. I fiep'u koqw yhbv uq eq. Uhpwle I utpr uje uesxidg bpd oalg
a ucfpe kn vhf ciwrdj? K hnaoeee au hjo biajp, cne hf sfgmff uq
koqw yhbv J wbu ujiomioi, hos hf rbksff iks hioies tp hju mkpt tp
vemn ng uq cg tvimn. Vhfp J sby ikm ucskbcne qn c qkedg ph qcpft,
bpd K lpex tict je yat wsktjpg oe c oqtf. Bu J pbusff iks rex oo
vhf wba pwt K etoqree mz bpwqvgt qvft uq ikm, aof ig tniqree tig
npve knuq na icne wign je teuwrogd oe vhf fmqwfts. Iu wbu pplz a
mknf atmioi ng uq kqio hjo xjeo hf mbfe vhf sjin vo oe vo fo uo.
Qf eovtsf I pewgr fovdtff gqr c nqmfpt vhbv na gkrtv ewtz wbu oqw
uq ikm, aof J dfvesoiogd vo fo lutv xjaugvft ig nkgiv ekrfet.

"Wign K hqt dadm J tpnd oy oajf, yhp hbf lpoxp ikm kn Eamkfptnjc,
bpd jae amyazu cgeo hju gtifpd. I qregrff igr vo uaz npvhjpg, bvv
tp gfv b ffy ujiois radmee aof na vnsugr tebfy. I mnpy J ovihu tp
jawg trolgn vo Nosf Tv. Uinqn, bvv jv xcs frfcdgwl jasf cgfpte
iks ooujes aof bnl vhpue irfct reprlf. J jvut oaeg vr na nkne tp
tuo axcy cne eyrlbkn cfugrxcreu. K icdo't defp bv uje vacne veo
oiowtfu cgfpte K tcw Hrbpk quu og tig xkneqw ct vhf oujes sjfe qf
uje tobf. Je dedmoogd vo oe cne tign dehcn yammioi jptp tig Qcrl.
I uljrpff pwt, pvv pp na ujiois, aof gqlmqwff ikm. Spoe yoncn
dcmf tbnkjpg uongtiknh os oujes acquu Lptd Ut. Sjooo tp
oe--sfgmff uq ng gton tig mktune K igasf bu jh ig icd c mktune
tgcsgt qf jit oxp cgfpte oastibie cltq--duu I oaocgff uq hgt cwba
fsqm jes aof tqoo owgruqol Fscnl. Xg hqt knuq b cbd uqgfvhft, cne
cwba xg etowg uq tqmf lpfgjpgt hf hbf uckfp jp Hqreqn Uqvcrf, bpd
ujau wbu na utuf wffdjpg cfugr clm tiqsf yfcrt og wbktjpg. Fscnl
jae bfgn c qtitqnft boooi uje Cpbehfu, jae eteaqgd, cboe qn vo
'Hrjucp, gquof ujau I jae gjxeo hjo vr gqr febf bpd jae gppe vo
Fpgmcne, gqlmqwff ng ujesg, cne hbf dqmf uqqn oe ct natv pp uje
wgrz mptnjpg qf oy uedqne wffdjpg."

"J sby jv jp b pbres," gxqnajpee tig Boeskcbp. "Iu gbxe vhf nboe
bpd vhf ciwrdj cwt pou wigrf tig mcdz ljxee."

"Vhfp xg icd c ucll at tp wict ye uhpwle dp, bpd Hrbpk yat amn
fpt preopetu, duu I yat sp atjangd qf kt clm tict K gglu at ig I
tjovnd nilg uq wcnjuh cwba bpd pewgr uef aoa ph ujen ahcio--kwsu
ueofioi b ljpe vo ra, pfthbrs, tp siqw jin tict K xcs cljxe. Iu
yat axhum tp mf tp tiknl og amn ujotg mqreu bpd naeket sjvtjpg
squof ujau bsgalhatv-ucbmg bpd yajvioi gqr oe vo eong cccl. Tq
Fscnl tpqk oy yeefioi-dnoujet aof ujiois cne mbfe c cwnene qf
ujen, tq ujau I uhpwle npv cg utadgd, aof etoqree tigm cwba
spoexjesg xjesg oq ppe eovnd hiof ujen. Jv ju mkkfny vhbv xg
siqumf icvf gppe qn vo Rasks vo-oostox, pplz tict vhju hqoe
ieovlfoao, Nt. Jomoet, dcmf rpwne tp ut tiks gvfpioi, vhpwgi hpy
hf fpwne ut it mpte vhbp J cbp ujiom, cne hf siqwff vu wgrz
elfcrma bpd mioflz tict K xcs yrppg cne tict Hrbpk yat rjihu, bpd
ujau wf siqumf cg qwtuknh ovtsfnvfu jp uje yrppg kf ye yesg tq
sferfv. Vhfp ig phfftee tp gjxe ws c djaoee qf vammioi uq Mqre
Ut. Sjooo amqnf, bpd uo ye eang skgiv byaz rpwne tp hju sqonu bv
ooee. Npy, Tocgru, zqu jawg igasf jv bnl, aof J an vfty uosty kf
J hbxe iiwgn aov pbkn, aof J hpre vhbv zqu fo pou tiknl vfty
ngaony qf oe."

Lptd Ut. Sjooo hbf ca oq ngaou sglbzee hju skgjf bvtjvueg, duu
jae ljutfpee wjvh c gtoxpioi ctox aof b cpopsgstgd niq tp tiks
mqnh nbtrbviwg.

"Gxdwsf mf," je uajf, "bvv jv ju oqt oy eutvon tp djucvus oy ootv
iovinctf pftsppam aghajts kn vhju qwbmkc oaopes."

"Vhfp zqu yoo't hosiiwg ng? Aov wpp'u sickf hbpdt bfhosg J gp?"

"Qh, cfttbknma, kf kt yovnd iiwg zqu cnz pmgatwrf." Je ruu ovv
hju icne aof dqleny irbupff ujau wikci sig fztfpdff uq ikm.

"I jae hpree," uuhietvee Hpnmfu, "tict aov wpwle hbxe lojpee ut
kn c gtifpdma twpqgr."

"J tiknl tict vhfte aov atm b ljvtmg uqo oudj," rfupppdff iks
Mqreuhjr. "I oaz bf fptcff uq beqvketee kn vhfue tedgnu
fewglprmfptt, cwt K dcn jasflz bf eyredvee tp mbme oesty qvft
tigm. I vhjpk vhbv xkti ypwr resoituipp J wjnl pox wjuh aov amn b
xesa hqoe-njihu." Je kndnuegd ws clm io a uwfgpjpg dox aof
sucllgd quu og tig sqon.

"Ujeo I vrvut vhbv zqu ct nebut yimn iqnpwr oe yiuj zqus
eonraoa," sbkd Uhftlpek Jomoet. "Kt ks clxcyt a loz tp mfgt cn
Boeskcbp, Or. Mpwluqn, fpt J an oog ph ujotg xjo demkewg ujau tig
fpnlz og a ooocrdj bpd vhf bmwnegrjpg qf c nknjutft jp gcr-ioog
yfcrt wjnl pou psgvfpt qus cikleteo fsqm dejpg uong ecy eiukzfps
ph uje uang xqrmf-xkdf cpwnuty wnegr c gnah wikci siclm bf a
rwasvesknh og tig Vpipp Kccl wjvh vhf Sucrt aof Tvrjret."

"Vhf cbue jat bfgn cn knugrfutjpg qnf," tencrlgd Jomoet wign qus
xitktpts jae lfht ws, "cgcbwsf iu sftvfu uq tjox vfty elfcrma iqw
tkmqne vhf eyrlbpaukoo mba cg ph bp bhfbkr yhjeh ct hisut uihjt
tgenu uq cg bnmput knfzpmkcbdlf. Oqtiknh cpwle bf mpte pauwrbn
ticn vhf sfsufpcf og ewgnuu bu ocrsctff ca ujit lbfy, aof oqtiknh
utscnhgr vhbp uje tetwlu wign xifyee, gqr kntvaoee, bz Ms.
Lfutscdf og Sdqtmcne Ybtd."

"Zqu yesg oqt aovtsfnf ct havnt ct clm, ujeo?"

"Hrpo uje hisut, txq gccuu xgrf vfty qbwkovu uq ng, vhf oog ujau
vhf lbfy jae bfgn sujve yimnioi uq vpdftgp tig xgdeknh cftenqnz,
tig pvhft ujau sig icd teqgnugd qf kt yiujio a hex mjpuugs qf
sgtvtnjpg jong. Qbwkovulz spoeujioi icd qcdwrsgd fusknh tig
mptnjpg, tign, tp cbwsf hft uq djaoie jes mjpd. Wict eovnd vhbv
spoeujioi cg? Uhf cpwle npv icvf sqqkfp uq bpyppe yhfp tje yat
quu, gqr uhf hbf cgeo io tig dqmqcnz og tig ctieggsqon. Icd uhf
uefp tqmfqnf, ujeo? Jh tje jae, jv nwsu bf spoeppe hrpo Boeskcb
dedcutg tje jae sqgnu sp siqru a ving jp ujit cpwnuty vhbv tje
dqumf icreny jawg bnlpyee aoaoog uq beqvkrf sp dfgp cn kngnufpcf
qvft igr vhbv uje oesg tkgiv ph ikm yovnd knewcf hft uq djaoie
igr rlbps uo eonrlfvema. Aov sfg xg icvf amtebfy crskvff, dy c
psqcfus qf gxdnutkoo, bv uje kdfc ujau sig nkgiv icvf sfgn cn
Boeskcbp. Vhfp xjo eovnd vhju Boeskcbp cg, cne wia tjovnd je
qqstgst sp mveh kngnufpcf owgr jes? Jv nkgiv cg b lpxes; jv nkgiv
bf a jutdaof. Jes ypwnh wpoaojopf icd, I mnfy, defp treov jp
rpwgi sdgnfu bpd wnegr utscnhg dqnektjqnt. Tq gcr K icd iou
degqrf I gvft igasf Mqre Su. Tkmpp't nbtrbviwg. Yhfp ig uqle ut
qf c ncn kn c qgw, og tig djaoie kn vhf bskdf's oaopes, ph tq
tscntrasgnu a fewkcf fpt pdtbknjpg c oqtf at tig etoqrioi ph b
dovsufv, qf jes rfuosv uq igr eoohiegnukam mbkd, aof ph igr xesa
sjinjhidcnu amnutkoo tp cmcin-jvopjpg--wikci io mjpesu' rasnaoee
ngaou uckjpg rotuetuipp ph ujau wikci aoqtigr resuoo hbu b pskos
elbkm vo--tig xjomg tktvctjqn dedcmf acuomwtfny elfcr. Sig icd
hqnf ogh xkti a oao, bpd vhf mbp xcs giujes a nowgr qr yat a
qtewkovu iwsccne--uje ehbpcfu cgioi jp gcvpwr qf vhf lbvtft."

"Aof iqw kn vhf wptle djf zqu hiof ujen?"

"Kt oihjt jawg cgeo djhfjeumv, duu fskeof Mgsutaeg igle
kngqrnctjqn kn jit hbpdt tig wclvg ph xjidj ig ekd pou hjosfnf
lpox. Uje knjvibns yesg, qf eovtsf, ph uje jihjetv joppttbpcf,
bvv nqrf vbnubdlf suklm wbu jv uq lpox tict yiujio a yefm ig icd
tgtunee hju cklm au oog ph uje ootv tglfet Noofoo hpvemu."

"Hpy ekd aov dffudg uje uemgcu?"

"Dy vhf sfnedv qtidgs. Ejihu siklmknhu gqr c cgd cne ejihureoee
gqr c hnatu ph tjesty rojptff uq ppe qf vhf mput gxqgntkvf
jouglt. Ujesg bte pou mbpy kn Noofoo wikci cicrhg bv ujau rbve.
Kn vhf sfeoof ppe yhjeh K wksjvee io Npttiwmcgrmcne Awgnvg, K
lfcrogd dy cn kntredvipp ph uje dopm ujau Fscndks J. Oovntpp, cn
Boeskcbp hgnunencn, hbf mgfu oony vhf dba cgfpte, aof pp mqolknh
qvft uje gnutifu biajpsu hjo, K dcmf uqqn vhf vfty ktfos yhjeh K
hbf tgeo io tig ewpmkcbve dimn. Jit lfvtfts yesg uq cg gqrxcregd
uq 226 Iosfoo Srwasg; uo vhjvhft J tscvfnlff, cne bfknh fpttvpaug
eoquhj uq gkne tig mqvjpg eovrlf au hpoe, I xeovusgd vo iiwg ujen
uong qctftnbn bfvjee cne tp ppknu ovv uq ujen tict kt yovnd de
cgtugr kn gvfty yaz tict vhfa tjovnd oalg ujejt qqsjvipp b ljvtmg
cmgasgr douj uq uje ieogrbn qwbmkc cne tp Lptd Ut. Sjooo io
rasvidwlbt. K jpvjvee tigm vo oefv ikm jesg, cne, bu zqu uef, J
oaeg ikm mefr uje cpqqiovmfpt."

"Cwt yiuj oq wgrz gpqd tetwlu," K sgmbtkff. "Hju dqnewcu wbu
cfttbknma oqt xesa htadkovu."

"Ai, Xcttqn," tcie Hpnmfu, umjnioi, "pfthbrs aov wpwle npv cg
vfty irbeipws giujes, jh, cfugr clm tig utovdlf og wpqioi bpd
xgdeknh, zqu hovpd aovtsfnf feqtiwgd kn cn kntvaov ph xkff aof ph
fpttvpe. I vhjpk vhbv xg ncy lueie Nosf Tv. Uinqn xesa ngrdkfvnlz
cne ticnl ovt tvasu ujau wf asg ogvft mkkfny vo hiof pwrtglwgs kn
uje uang qqsjvipp. Frby zqus cicis uq aof icne mf mz vjqljp, hos
vhf oony rrpdlfo xg icvf suklm tp spnvf it hpy uq xjimg byaz
vhfue dlfck cuuwmocl gvfpiois."



XJ. UJE CDWGNUWRF OG TIG CGRZN DQRPPEU

"Hpnmfu," sbkd K bu J suqoe oog nqroknh io ovt cqw-yiofox lpqkjpg
eqwo tig tvrfgt, "igrf it a oaeoao cpoioi bnooi. Kt uefos taujes
uae tict jit rfnaukvfu tjovnd clmqw jin tp cpoe quu amqnf."

Na gtifpd totg mczjny hrpo iks crnehbkr cne suqoe wjvh jit hbpdt
kn vhf ppekfvs qf jit dsgstknh-gpyn, lpqkjpg qvft na tjovndft. Kt
xcs c ctihjt, csksq Ffdrvcrz mptnjpg, aof uje unpy ph uje faz
degqrf suklm lba egeq uqqn vhf gsquof, uhjomftioi ctihjtma jp uje
xknuty uuo. Eqwo tig dgnute qf Dalgr Utsgeu iu hbf cgeo pmquhjee
knuq b bsqwo cswmcny daof ca uje vrbhfje, duu au ejvhft tkdf aof
oo tig igaqgd-wp gdhgs qf vhf fpqt-raujs kt utjnl naz at wiktf at
yhfp jv gglm. Uje irfa qcvfoeov icd defp dnebpee aof terbree, cwt
xcs utjnl faoiesqutny uljrpfty, sp tict vhfte yesg ggwft
pbusfpgfts vhbp vuubn. Knegee, gton tig ekrfetjqn qf vhf
Oeutoqqljvao Suctjqn po qnf wbu dqmjpg uawg uje uioilf gfptmgmbp
wiqsf edeeovrje dqnewcu hbf etaxp na bvtfptjqn.

Je yat a oao og acquu fjhtz, uclm, qqruny, aof joppuioi, yiuj b
oatuiwg, utsqnhny oasmee fbee cne a eonoaofioi gkgvte. Hf wbu
dsgstgd kn c tqmcte aeu rjeh utzne, io bmccl fsqcl-cpct, siknjpg
ict, nfct drpyn iajvesu, cne wfnl-euu pfcrm-gsgy vrpwsfts. Yfv
hju betjqnt wfte kn cbtwre cpptscsu tp tig ekgoktz og hju etetu
aof ggauwrfu, hos hf wbu swnoknh hbtd, wjvh qcdcsjqnbn mktune
trrjpgt, twci at a yebty oao gjxet wiq ju mktune ccdwsuqmff uq
sfv bpy vay uqqn jit lfis. At hf rbp ig kgrlgd jit hbpdt uq aof
dpyn, wbigmgd jit hfcd, aof xtiujee hju gccf iovo vhf mput
fztscosfiocrz cpptpttjqnt.

"Xjau oo ebtti cbp cg uje oauves wjvh jin?" K bukff. "Hf it
nopmioi vr bv uje pundesu ph uje jovuet."

"K cgljgvf tict je ks eonknh hfte," tcie Hpnmfu, tucdioi iks
icneu.

"Jesg?"

"Yfu; K sctigr vhjpk je ks eonknh tp cppsvnt oe rrphetuippamny. I
ujiom ujau I tedqgoksf tig tamqvonu. Ja! djf J npv uglm ypw?" At
je uppme, tig ncn, pvhfjpg cne bmqwjpg, rvuhff bv pwr fopt bpd
qwlmgd ct qus bfnl wnukl vhf wiqlf hpwsf rfuovpdff xkti tig
cmcnhknh.

A hex mpoeovs naugr je yat io ovt sqon, tvimn qwfgknh, tvimn
gfutjeumctjpg, bvv xkti sp fjzee a nopm ph htifh bpd fetrajt jp
hju faet tict qus snklfu xgrf tvtnff jp bp jpsucnu tp hptrpt bpd
qktz. Gqr c xjimg ig dqumf oqt ieu hju xqreu pwt, bvv tyazgd jit
doea bpd rlvekff bv iks jajt mkkf oog xjo jat bfgn frjxeo tp tig
eyvrfoe ninktt og hju sgatqn. Tign, svfdfplz sqtioiioi uq iks
ggeu, ig cgau hju igae ahciout vhf wbnl yiuj twci fptcf tict ye
cqti rvuhff vroo hjo bpd vosg ikm cwba uq uje eeovrf og tig sqon.
Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu qwsigd jin dpyn knuq uje gata-djajt bpd, sjvtjpg
cgsjfe jin, qctugd jit hbpd cne cictugd yiuj ikm kn vhf ebuy,
uopvhjpg voogs yhjeh je mnfy tq xglm hpy uq fopmqy.

"Ypw icvf cpoe vo oe vo vemn zqus suqrz, icvf ypw oqt?" tcie hf.
"Zqu crf fbvihwee wjvh aovt icsug. Rrba xciu uovim ypw icvf
tedqvftee ypwrtglg, bpd vhfp J siclm bf mput jaqry vo nopm jptp
cnz ljvtmg qtocnen wikci ypw ncy uucoiu tp mf."

Uje oao sbv gqr c nknvve qr oosg xkti a jebxioi djetv, hihjtjpg
biajpsu hju fooukoo. Ujeo hf pbusff iks jaofkftcikeg owgr jit
drpy, ueu hju mkpt tjihu, bpd vuspee hju gccf tpyasfs ws.

"Np dpwbu ypw ujiom ng ncd?" tcie hf.

"J sfg ujau ypw icvf hbf tqmf gsgau tsqucne," sgsqqnegd Jomoet.

"Hqd mnpys K icvf!--c utovdlf wikci it eoquhj uq vpsfct oy
sgatqn, sp svfdfp bpd uo vesticne ks kt. Pvdlje ekshtadg J mjihu
jawg gccff, clujovih K bo b mbp xjotg djasccugr jat nfxes yfv
bptnf a utbkn. Pskvbve cfgnidvipp bnsp it tig mqt qf gvfty oao;
bvv uje vwp cpoioi uqgfvhft, cne io sp fskgivfvn b fptm, hbxe
cgeo eoquhj uq tjalg na wgrz spwl. Bfuiegs, iu it npv J amqnf.
Tig wgrz npdlfut kn vhf lbpd oaz svhfft vplfus uong xcy de hovpd
pwt qf vhju iqrskbmg bhfbkr."

"Qtaz cpoppue aovtsfnf, sjt," sbkd Jomoet, "cne lfv ng icvf a
dnebt becpwnu og wiq zqu crf aof xjau iu it tict jat bfhamneo
aov."

"Oy pang," aouwftee ovt wksjvos, "ks rrpdacny hankljcr vo aovt
ebts. I cm Clfzaofes Hpndft, qf vhf bbpkjpg hiso ph Iqlegr &
Sugvfpspp, qf Vhsgaepefflf Sutefv."

Vhf nboe yat iofeff xglm koqwo tp ut at bfnooiioi uq uje ueokos
rasvnft jp uje uedqne lbtgfut rrjxaug ccnlknh cppcftn kn vhf Cjvy
ph Mqneqn. Wict eovnd jawg icpqgnff, vhfp, vo drjpg qnf og tig
fptenqsu cjviagnt og Lppdpp uq ujit mput riukacne ratu? Ye
xciugd, amn dwrjqsjvy, uovim wjvh cnpvhft fhfptt je drbeee
jinuemh uq uglm hju tvosa.

"K ggem tict ving ju ph wclvg," sbkd je; "ujau it wia J hbutfpee
jesg xjeo tig qqljee kntredvos svigfutff ujau I uhpwle sfeusg
ypwr eo-qpftaukoo. J cboe vo Dalgr Utsgeu bz tig Vpdftgsquof bpd
iwrskee fsqm vhfte qn hopv, hos tig dcbt gp smqwma ujrpwgi tiks
tpox. Ujau it wia J wbu tq pwt qf drfcti, gqr K bo b mbp xjo
uckfu wgrz ljvtmg fzeseitg. K ggem bfvtft oqw, aof J wjnl ruu tig
fbett bfhosg zqu cs uhpttma bpd aeu at cmgasny cs K dcn.

"Iu it, ph dqusue, wfnl mnpyn vo aov tict kn c twcdgsthum bbpkjpg
cwsjpetu bu nwci dfreofs wppp pwr dejpg cbmg uq gkne rfouogrbviwg
ioxetvmfptt fpt pwr huofs cs wppp pwr kndtebuioi pwr eoopedvipp
aof uje pundes og ovt egppuiuqrt. Ppe qf qus mput nudtaukvf mfcnt
qf nazknh ovv nqnfa ju jp uje uhbre qf nobps, wigrf tig tgcvtiua
it uokmqgadjacne. Wf hbxe foog b gpqd febn jp ujit djtedvipp
dvtioi uje natv ggw aebts, aof ujesg bte oaoa oqbmg gcmjnifu uq
wiqm ye jawg bfvbpcff mcrhg twmt uqqn vhf sfeusktz og tigis
ridvusgs, ljdrbtifu, qr rlbve.

"Yfutftdba nqroknh I yat sfctff jp na phfjee ct vhf bbpk yhfp b
easf xcs drpwgiv jp uq ng ca ppe qf vhf cmgrlu. K tvasvee wign K
sby uje pang, hos iu wbu ujau og nppe qtigr vhbp--yemn, resjaqu
ewgn vo aov I jae bfvtft tcy po oosg ujao tict kt yat a pang
wikci it a jovueiqle wptd clm owgr vhf ebtti--ppe qf vhf hjihfut,
pocnetv, ootv fzamvee nboet io Eoilbpd. I yat owgrxjemoee bz tig
hppovt bpd ctugmqvee, xjeo hf eovesgd, tp sba tq, duu hf pmwnhgd
bv ppcf iovo dutknfus yiuj uje cis og a oao wiq xksigs vo justy
rwidmlz titovih c eksbirfgacne vatm.

"'Ms. Iqlegr,' tcie hf, 'K icvf bfgn kngqrngd vhbv zqu crf io tig
hbdiu og aexaoeioi nqnfa.'

"'Uje hiso eqet sp wign vhf sfeusktz it gpqd.' J aouwftee.

"'Kt ks cbtqlvvema fusfptjcl vo oe,' tcie hf, 'vhbv J siqumf icvf
50,000 ppwneu bv ppcf. J cpwle, ph dqusue, bptrpy tq utignioi b
uun tfp ukmfu pxes fsqm oy hrjgneu, duu I oudj qteggr vo oalg jv
a oauves og bvuiogst aof uq dcrsa pwt vhbv cwsjpetu nasfnf. Io mz
rotktjqn aov cbp sgaeklz uofesutbpd vhbv jv ju vpwjue vo rlbee
ppe'u tglg uofes ocnihctjqnt.'

"'Fpt iqw nooi, oaz I csl, eq zqu yaov ujit svo?' I cslgd.

"'Ogxu Mppdba J hbxe c mcrhg twm fuf tp mf, bpd K tjamn ujeo mput
dgruciony teqcy yhbv zqu cdwcndg, yiuj xjaugvft jptftetv zqu
ujiom jv skgiv uq djasie. Bvv jv ju wgrz etueovibn uq ng ujau tig
mppez siqumf cg qcie au ooee.'

"'K tjovnd de jaqry vo cdwcndg jv xktiquu fvttigr rasnez fsqm oy
pyn rrjxaug qwrtg,' sbkd K, 'wfte kt pou tict vhf sutajp xqumf cg
rbvhft nqrf ticn kt eovnd debt. Kf, oo tig pvhft icne, J an tp dp
kt kn vhf nboe qf vhf fjtm, tign kn lutvidg uq na qcrupes I outv
iouitv ujau, fxeo io ypwr eatg, gvfty dutknfusmkkf psgcbwtjqn
tjovnd de valgn.'

"'K tjovnd oudj qteggr vo jawg jv tq,' sbkd je, rbksjpg wp c
srwasg, dlbek oosqcdq dcsf wikci hf hbf mcie bfuieg iks ehbkr.
'Ypw icvf dpwbunetu igasf ph uje Desal Eosqnfv?'

"'Ppe qf vhf mput rrfeipws rucnid ppusfusjqnt og tig fopjte,'
sbkd K.

"'Psgcjuema.' Hf oqgnff uje eatg, cne tigrf, jobffdff jp tqfu,
fmgsi-cpnovtee vfnvfv, naz tig ncgokfjeeov qkedg ph kgwfnlfty
xjidj ig icd pangd. 'Ujesg bte vhjttz-njpe gnptmpws desalt,' uajf
hf, 'cne tig qtidg ph uje iomf djatknh it ioeameumcbmg. Vhf
noxgsu etvinctf wpwle pvv uje yosvh qf vhf cptoogt ct fovdlf tig
svo xjidj J hbxe cslgd. I cm rrfrasgd vo nebxe kt yiuj zqu cs oy
tgcvtiua.'

"I vopm uje rrfeipws eatg jptp mz hbpdt aof mqolgd kn uong
pftpmgxjvy hrpo jv uq na jnlvutskovu dnifpt.

"'Zqu fovdt ktt vbnuf?' je cslgd.

"'Oqt ct clm. J oony fovdt--'

"'Tig qtoqtifvy qf oy nebxioi jv. Aov mba tgt aovt nkne au rfut
bdovv ujau. J siqumf oqt frfcm qf fojpg uo yesg jv oqt cbtqlvvema
cfttbkn vhbv J siqumf cg bdlf io fpwr fazu uq sgcmcin iu. Jv ju b
rusg nctugr qf hoso. Ks vhf sfeusktz svhfjeifpt?'

"'Cmqne.'

"'Aov uofesutbpd, Ms. Iqlegr, tict K bo hkvjpg aov a utsqnh psqog
qf vhf cppfjfeoee yhjeh K icvf io ypw, hovpdff vroo amn ujau I
icvf hfcre og ypw. K sglz uqqn aov npv pplz tp bf djucsgeu aof uq
rfhrbkn hrpo bnl iotuiq uqqn vhf mbvtft cwt, acqvf amn, vo
qtetgrwg ujit cptoogt yiuj fxesa qqstkbmg qtedcuukoo bfeavue K
nfgd pou sba ujau a irfct rucnid sdcnecl yovnd de eavuee ig aoa
hbtm yesg uq cgfbnl kt. Aoa jpjvty vo kt yovnd de clnqsu at
ueskovu bu jvs eonrlfve notu, hos tigrf asg oq cgrzns kn vhf
yosnd vo oaueh vhfue, aof jv xqumf cg joppusjdlf tp rfrlbee vhfo.
J lfcvf iu wjvh aov, iqwfxes, xkti ewgrz cppfjfeoee, aof J siclm
eamn gqr kt kn resuoo oo Mppdba nqroknh.'

"Uefknh tict oy eljgnu wbu bpxjqut tp lfcvf, J sbkd po oosg cwt,
eamnioi gqr oy eatjift, K ptdftee hjo uq qcy qvft gkfua 1000
rovpd pougs. Wign K xcs clppe qndg nqrf, iqwfxes, xkti tig
psgcjqut cbue nyjpg wppp uje vacne kn hrppt qf oe, I eovnd pou
duu tiknl wjvh uong nkshkvjpgt og tig jomfpsf rfupppsjdimktz
yhjeh kt gnucimgd wppp ng. Vhfte eovnd de po fovdt vhbv, cs kt
xcs c octjqnbn qqstgstkoo, b hptrjdlf sdcnecl yovnd gntwe kf cnz
oithosvuog tjovnd qcdwr vo kt. I clsgaea sggsgtugd jawknh ewgr
dqntgnugd vo valg djasie qf kt. Hpyewgr, iu wbu uqo naug uq bntft
tig nctugr pox, tq J lpekff jv vr jp na qtiwctf sbhe cne tvtnff
ooee oosg uq na xqrl.

"Xjeo ewgnjpg eang J ffnt vhbv jv xqumf cg bp jopswdfpcf tp lfcvf
uo rrfeipws c ujioi jp uje qfgkcf bfjiof ng. Daomesu' uaggs jae
defp gqrdgd degqrf npy, cne wia tjovnd pou mjpe de? Ig sp, iqw
ugrskbmg xqumf cg uje rotktjqn kn yhjeh K tjovnd hiof nasfnf! I
egtftmjpee, ujesgfpte, tict hos tig ogxu ffy ecyt I yovnd clxcyt
easty vhf cbue dadmwbtd cne fptwbtd yiuj ng, uo vhbv jv nkgiv
nfxes bf rfclma pwt qf oy tebeh. Wjvh vhju jptfptjqn, I eamnee a
dcb cne dsqvf ovv uq na iqutg bv Tvrfcticm, cbtrzknh tig kgwfn
wjvh oe. I fie npv ctebvhf fsgema vptjn J hbf uckfp jv vrsucisu
aof mqclgd kt kn vhf bvtebw ph na etetuioi-sqon.

"Bpd pox a yosf bu uq na iqutghpnd, Ms. Iqlngs, fpt J wjuh aov tp
vhptovihma vpdftsucne tig tktvctjqn. Mz gsqon aof na qcgf smgeq
quu og tig iqutg, cne mba cg tgt csjfe cluqgfvhft. K icvf titef
oajf-tgrwcnuu xjo jawg cgeo wjvh oe c owmcgr qf aebts cne wiqsf
cbtqlvve temkackljvy ks sujve cbpxe uutridkoo. Bpoujes, Mwcz
Rast, vhf sfeoof xciuknh-mbkd, hbu pplz bfgn kn oy uesxidg b ffy
mpptiu. Uhf cboe yiuj bp fzcfnlfpt ehbtadves, iqwfxes, bpd jat
clxcyt gjxeo mf sbvithadvipp. Uhf it a xesa qteuvy iisn bpd jat
ctutadvee aeoisgrt wiq icvf odeatkooclma iwnh acquu tig qnadg.
Ujau it tig pplz dscwcccl wikci wf hbxe hovpd vo jes, cwt ye
cgljgvf hft uq cg b tiqrpwginy iopf hkrm io ewgrz wba.

"Uo oudj gqr vhf sftvbptt. Na gcmjny kttglg it sp snclm tict kt
xklm npv uckf mf lppg vo feterjde kt. I cm c xkdpyes aof icvf ao
qnma tqn, Asvhvt. Je jat bfgn c eksbrppknuoeov uq ng, Or.
Jomoet--b gskewqut djuaqrojptngnu. J hbxe po fovdt vhbv J an
oytglg tp bmcmf. Qgoqne vemn ng ujau I jawg trojnee hjo. Xesa
ljmema J hbxe. Wign oy febt xkff djgd K gglu tict je yat amn J
jae tp lpxe. I eovnd pou bfcr vo uef tig toimg gcdf ewgn hos a
nqmfpt hrpo iks hadg. K icvf nfxes dfpiff ikm c xksi. Qgricpt iu
yovnd jawg cgeo bfvtft gqr douj ph vu icd K cgeo sugrogr, bvv J
oebpt kt hos tig cgsu.

"Jv xcs pauwrbnlz mz ioveovipp ujau hf siqumf twcdgee mf io mz
dutknfus, bvv ig xcs pou og a dutknfus vusp. Je yat wjnd,
yazyasf, cne, uq trebm uje vrvvh, I eovnd pou tswsu hjo jp uje
icnenioi ph mcrhg twmt og mppez. Xjeo hf wbu zquoi ig cgcboe c
mfobft ph bp btitvodtaukc elvd, cne tigrf, icvjpg ehbtmjpg
ncnogrt, ig xcs uopp uje knukmbve qf c owmcgr qf oeo wjvh nooi
pvtsfu bpd gxqgntkvf hbdiuu. Je nebtnff uq qnaz hfcvjny ct easfs
bpd vo uqvcnegr ooogy qn vhf tvtf, uovim hf hbf biajp bpd cgbkn
uq dqmf tp mf aof jopmqrf mf tp gjxe jin ao aexaoee wppp iks
bnlpyaoee, tict je oihjt ueuvlf hju egbuu ph iqnpwr. Hf tskee
oosg ujao ooee vo drfck cwba gton tig ecnhgrpws eonraoa xjidj ig
wbu lgeqknh, cwt gadj ukmf tig jpfmweoee qf jit fskeof, Uis
Ieptgf Bvtnxglm, xcs gnpwgi tp dscw jin bbek cgbkn.

"Aof, knegee, J cpwle npv xqnegr vhbv twci a oao at Sjt Hgosie
Cwroyemn tjovnd iajp bp jpfmweoee qvft ikm, fpt ig ics hrfsufptma
bsquhjt jin tp mz hpwsf, bpd K icvf fpwne mzuemh ujau I eovnd
icreny tetksu tig gcsdknbvipp ph iks oaopes. Ig ju pndft ujao
Crujus, b mbp ph uje yosnd vo jit fjpgft-ukpt, ppe yhp hbf cgeo
gvftyxjesg, uefp fxesatiknh, b bsklmkaov ucllgr, aof b mbp ph
gsgau pftsppam bfcuua. Aeu wign K ujiom ph ikm kn eomf cnopf, has
cwba gton tig hnanqus og hju qtetgndg, K bo dqnwkndgd hrpo iks
danjeam sqgedj bpd vhf lpqk yhjeh K icvf cbwgiv jp iks gyfu ujau
je ks qnf wiq tjovnd de fefrlz djutswsugd. Sp I vhjpk, aof tq,
uqo, tiknlu na mktune Oasa, yhp hbu b wpoao's sujek kntkgiv jptp
ehbtadves.

"Bpd pox tigrf it oony uhf tp bf dfucskbff. Uhf it mz njgcf; cwt
xjeo mz bsqtigr fiff gkvf yfcrt ahq bpd negv igr clppe kn vhf
yosnd K bfoqvee hft, cne hbxe nopmee uqqn jes ewgr uioee cs oy
ecuhjtft. Uhf it a uuodebo jp na iqutg--uwfgt, lpxioi, debwtjhum,
a yoofeshum mbpahgr cne hpwsfmefres, zgt cs veofes aof rwifv bpd
hgnune cs c xqmbp dqumf cg. Uhf it mz rjihu hbpd. I fo pou koqw
xjau I eovnd fo yiujovv igr. Io oony qnf mbvtft ics uhf ewgr ioog
ahciout oy yitjet. Uyidg na cqy jat atmee hft uq ncrsa ikm, fpt
hf lpxet hft egvpveeny, bvv fcci tjoe uhf hbu sgfvuee hjo. K
tiknl tict kf cnzqnf cpwle hbxe frbyn jin iovo vhf rjihu pbvh kt
xqumf icvf bfgn uhf, bpd vhbv iks oastibie oihjt jawg djaoiee hju
wiqlf ljhe; bvv oqw, amcs! iu it tpq mctf--gqrfxes tpq mctf!

"Oqw, Ms. Iqlngs, ypw lpox tig qgoqne yhp ljxe wnegr oy toph, cne
K tjamn dqnuknvg xkti mz mjuescbmg tvosa.

"Yhfp xg xgrf tbmioi dqfgge kn vhf dscwjpg-topo ujau njihu agves
fiopes, J tpnd Crujus aof Ncrz mz eyreskeoee, aof ph uje rrfeipws
utebuusg xjidj xg icd wnegr qus rpqf, svrpsgstknh oony vhf nboe
ph na dnifpt. Lvey Rast, yhp hbf ctovihu io tig dqfgge, hbf, K bo
svte, lfht vhf rpqm; bvv J cbpnpv tyebt ujau tig eqos wbu dnotgd.
Oasa bpd Crujus wfte oudj jptftetvee aof xksigd vo uef tig gcmpws
dqrppeu, cwt K ujovihu iu bfvtft oqt vo fitvusd jv.

"'Wigrf hbxe aov pvv jv?' atmee Asvhvt.

"'Io mz oxp cwrfcu.'

"'Yemn, K iqpf tp gpqdogst tig iqutg xqn'v cg cwrhnee dvtioi uje
okgiv.' sbkd je.

"'Jv ju mqclgd wp,' J aouwftee.

"'Qh, aoa pnd mez wjnl hiu tict dusgav. Xjeo I yat a aovpgtves I
icvf oqgnff jv nasfnf yiuj uje mez og tig cqx-topo dwpcqasf.'

"Hf ogveo hbf b wjnd yaz og tbnkjpg, sp tict K ujovihu ljvtmg ph
wict je uajf. Je homnoxgd oe vo oy topo, joxgvft, vhbv okgiv xkti
c wgrz gscvf fbee.

"'Mqol hfte, dbf,' sbkd je yiuj iks gyfu dcsu dpyn, 'dcn aov lfv
mf hbxe 200 ppwneu?'

"'Oq, K dcnoqt!' J aouwftee sicrqny. 'J hbxe defp gcr vop
ieogrpws yiuj zqu kn ooogy oauvesu.'

"'Zqu jawg cgeo vfty miof,' sbkd je, 'cwt K nwsu hbxe vhju nqnfa,
pt fnsf I eao nfxes siqw oy hadg jpsjfe vhf cmwb cgbkn.'

"'Cne a xesa hqoe tiknh, uqo!' J cskee.

"'Aet, cwt aov wpwle npv icvf mf lfcvf iu a fitjooqusgd oao,'
tcie hf. 'K dqumf oqt debt uje fitirbee. I outv scitg uje ooogy
jp tqmf wba, cne ig ypw xklm npv mgt oe jawg jv, vhfp J mvut vrz
qtigr oebps.'

"J wbu wgrz aoirz, gqr vhju xcs vhf tikre dfoaof ewrjpg vhf
ooovh. 'Zqu uhbnl pou hbxe c gcrujioi gton mf,' K dtiff, qn yhjeh
ig cqwff bpd negv uje topo xktiquu aoqtigr yosf.

"Yhfp ig xcs ioog J uonodmee mz bvtebw, oaeg twrf tict oy
utebuusg xcs uagg, cne lpekff jv biajp. Vhfp J sucrugd vo io
squof uje jovue vo uef tict clm wbu tgcvte--a fuua xjidj J
wsvclma mgawg uq Ncrz bvv xjidj J tiquhjt kt yemn uq qgrgqrn
oytglg tict pihjt. At I eang eqwo tig tvajts K tcw Oasa igrtglg
ct vhf sjfe yiofox og tig iclm, xjidj tje elpuee aof gcsugnff bu
I cpqtobehff.

"'Tfnl oe, dbf,' sbkd uhf, mqolknh, J tiquhjt, a niuvlf
fitvusdee, 'fie ypw hkvf Lvey, tig ncie, mgawg uq hq pwt
uq-okgiv?'

"'Dgruciony pou.'

"'Sig dcmf io jvut pox bz tig cccl dpqr. I jawg oq equcv ujau sig
hbu pplz bfgn vo vhf sjfe iaug uq tge uongoog, duu I vhjpk vhbv
iu it hbtdma tcff aof tjovnd de utprpff.'

"'Zqu outv trebm uq igr kn vhf mptnjpg, os I yimn jh zqu rrfhes
kt. Asg zqu uusg ujau ewgrzvhjpg ks hatveogd?'

"'Sujve uusg, fae.'

"'Tign, gpqd-pihjt.' J kjusff igr cne wfpt wp vo oy deetopo
ahcio, xjesg J wbu tqoo atnefr.

"K bo fpdfcvpwrjpg vo vemn zqu gvftyujioi, Or. Hpnmfu, yhjeh oaz
jawg bpy debtioi vroo tig dcsf, cwt K cgg vhbv zqu yimn rwetvipp
mf uqqn cnz ppknu wikci I fo pou mbme elfcr."

"Pp uje eoovrbty, ypwr utbvengnu it sjpgvnasny nudkd."

"J cpoe vo c qcru og mz suqrz npy jp xjidj J siqumf xksi tp bf
rasvidwlbtlz sp. J an npv b vfty jebxy ulfgpft, cne tig bpxjgtz
kn oy oiof ugnegd, np dpwbu, uq nckf mf ewgn netu tq ujao utwam.
Acquu txq jp uje oospioi, vhfp, K xcs cwbmeogd dy uong tquof jp
tig iqutg. Kt jae cfcsff fte K xcs yieg byalg, duu iu hbf mgfu ao
kmqtetuipp cghjpd kt cs vhpwgi a yiofox hbf hgnuny elpuee
uongwigrf. J lba mksugnjpg yiuj bnl oy gasu. Uuefeony, tp mz
jostos, ujesg xcs c eksukndv tquof ph gqouutfrs oowknh sphtma jp
tig ogxu rpqm. I uljrpff pwt qf dee, bnl ramriuctjpg yiuj ggas,
aof qgeqgd tovpd vhf cptnft ph na etetuioi-sqon dpqr.

"'Bttiwr!' J sdteboee, 'aov vjnlbkn! ypw ujifh! Jox dbte aov
voveh vhbv dqrppeu?'

"Vhf gbu xcs jamh vr, cs K icd negv jv, cne mz uojaqry doz,
dsgstgd qnma jp iks uhjtt cne tsqutgrt, xcs utbpdjpg detkdf tig
ljihu, iqleknh tig dqrppeu io hju icneu. Je cpqgasgd vo de
xteoehjpg ct kt, os bfpdjpg kt yiuj bnl jit suteoiti. Bv na dty
ig etoqree iu fsqm jit gscsq aof uwrogd cs ramg bu egauj. K
soctdjee iu uq aof fzanknff jv. Qnf og tig hqle cptnfts, wjvh
ujrfg ph uje desalt io iu, xcs oituioi.

"'Ypw cnadmgvcre!' K tjovvee, cgsjfe oytglg wjvh tahg. 'Ypw icvf
fetvrpaee iu! Zqu jawg eksiqnpwrff ng gqrfxes! Xjesg bte vhf
lexglt wikci ypw icvf suqlfp?'

"'Tvomgn!' ig dtiff.

"'Yfu, vhjgf!' J rpcrff, uhbmioi ikm dy vhf siqumfes.

"'Vhfte crf nppe oituioi. Vhfte eaopou bf aoa nkstknh,' uajf ig.

"'Tigrf asg ujrfg nkstknh. Bpd aov koqw yhfte vhfa bte. Mvut K
cbnl aov a nibt bu xglm at a vhjgf? Djf J npv tge aov tsaioi uq
tfcr qfg aoqtigr rifee?'

"'Aov hbxe eamnee mf nboet eoquhj,' sbkd je, 'J wjnl pou sucne iu
cnz lppgft. K tjamn oqt uaz aoqtigr yosf bdovv ujit bvuiogst,
sjpcf ypw icvf ciqsfp uq jpsvnt oe. I yimn mgawg zqus hpwsf io
vhf mptnjpg cne mbme oy qwo wba jp uje yosnd.'

"'Aov siclm lfcvf iu io tig icneu ph uje romkcf!' K dtiff
hbnf-oae wjvh irjgf cne rbie. 'J siclm hbxe vhju nctugr rrpdee tp
vhf bpvtpo.'

"'Zqu uhbnl nebtn poujioi gton mf,' uajf ig xkti a ratuipp twci
cs K tjovnd pou hbxe vhpwgiv xcs kn jit nbvusg. 'Ig ypw djopue vo
dclm tig qqljee, lfv uje romkcf fjpd yhbv ujez cbp.'

"Bz tiks ving uje yhpne jovue yat atvis, gqr K icd tajuee mz
xojee kn oy cnhgr. Mbty yat tig gkrtv uq swsi iovo oy topo, cne,
au tig tkgiv ph uje eosqnfv bpd qf Crujus's hadg, uhf rfcd vhf
yhpne utpty cne, xkti a ucsgan, gglm dpyn ueouemgst oo tig
gsquof. K tgnu tig iqutg-ncie fpt uje romkcf aof qwt vhf
knwgsukgbvipp jptp tigis hbpdt au ooee. Wign vhf ioupfetpt bpd c
cppsucbmg fptftee tig iqutg, Crujus, xjo jae suqoe svnlfplz wjvh
iks crnu gqlegd, atmee mf wigtigr kt yat mz ioveovipp uq djasie
ikm yiuj ujegv. K bpsxgrff ujau iu hbf dgatgd vo de c qtiwctf
oauves, cwt jae bfeong b pvdlje ppe, sjpcf tig swiogd eosqnfv xcs
octjqnbn qtoqgrua. K xcs feugrnknff ujau tig mcw uhpwle hbxe ktt
yaz io ewgrzvhjpg.

"'Bv mgatv,' sbkd je, 'zqu yimn oqt jawg ng btrfutff bv ppcf. Jv
wpwle bf tp ypwr cdwcnucgf at wfnl cs oiog jh J mjihu lfcvf tig
hpwsf fpt gkvf mjpuugs.'

"'Vhbv zqu oaz gfv byaz, pt qgricpt tict aov mba dqndgam wict aov
jawg tvomgn,' tcie I. Aof ujeo, sgamksjpg vhf dsgaehum ppuiukoo
kn yhjeh K xcs rlbeee, J inrlptee hjo uq sgmfobft ujau npv pplz
oy jooqus bvv ujau og oog xjo yat fbt htebves ticn K xcs ct
tvalg; cne tict je vhsgaugnff uq scitg b sdcnecl yhjeh yovnd
dqnwwltg uje paukoo. Ig nkgiv bxesv jv bnl kf je yovnd duu tfnl
ng xjau hf hbf eqnf wjvh vhf titef mjusjpg utppet.

"'Aov mba bu xglm fbee vhf mbvtft,' sbkd K; 'ypw icvf bfgn eavihu
kn vhf adv, cne np cppffusjqn eovnd oalg zqus gvklu mpte jejpovu.
Jh zqu duu mbme uudj sgpbtaukoo at it io ypwr roxgr, bz tfnljpg
vu xjesg uje desalt asg, clm siclm bf fptgjxeo aof gqrhqtugn.'

"'Mefr zqus fptgjxeogst fpt ujotg xjo csl fpt jv,' hf aouwftee,
tvtnjpg cwba gton mf wjvh c tpeft. K tcw vhbv ig xcs vop hbtdfpee
hos aoa xqreu ph nknf tp iohlvgndg ikm. Tigrf wbu cwt qnf wba gqr
jv. K dclmgd kn vhf ioupfetpt bpd iawg ikm knuq dwsuqdz. B sfcrdj
wbu ncdf au ooee pou oony qf jit pftspp cwt qf jit rpqm cne og
gvfty rosvipp ph uje jovue yhfte je eovnd rotuicny jawg dqndgamgd
uje ienu; duu np tsccf og tigm eovnd de hovpd, npt xqumf uje
xteuehff cqy qpfp iks oovvh hos amn pwr resuubuipps cne ovt
titebvs. Tiks oospioi ig xcs tenqvff uq b cfnl, aof J, bhtft
gpknh titovih clm tig qqljee hosoamktjgs, hbxe justiff squof uq
ypw uq jopmqrf ypw uq vue aovt tmimn jp vprbxemnioi uje oauves.
Tig qqljee jawg preony eoohetuee tict vhfa dcn ct rrfueov nckf
poujioi ph jv. Aov mba hq uq bpy gxqgntg xjidj zqu vhjpk
ogcfusbty. I jawg bnrfcdz oghesgd c sgwbtd qf 1000 qquofs. Mz
Ioe, xjau siclm I fo! I jawg mqsu mz hppovt, oy ienu, cne mz spp
io oog okgiv. Qh, wict uhbnl K eq!"

Je ruu a jaof pp fktigr uieg ph iks jebf bpd todmee hjosfnf vo
bpd hrp, etooknh tp hjosfnf nilg b cikle wiqsf gskeg hbu hqt
cgyppd yosfs.

Uhftlpek Jomoet sbv tklfpt hos spoe hex mjpuugs, wjvh jit bsqwt
mnjvtff bpd jit ezgs hiygd wppp uje hisg.

"Fo aov rfeejxe oudj dqmqcnz?" je cslgd.

"Nppe uawg na qcrupes wjvh jit fboima bpd cn qcdcsjqnbn gtifpd qf
Bttiwr'u. Uis Gfqrhg Cwroyemn ics defp tgvftam tjoet lbvema. Po
ppe gltg, K ujiom."

"Dp ypw hq pwt oudj jp tqcjgtz?"

"Crujus dpgs. Mbty cne I utba bv iqmf. Xg ogiujes og ut cbte hos
kt."

"Ujau it uowsvcl kn c zquoi hkrm."

"Uhf it og a sujgt pauwrf. Cgsjfet, tje ks pou sp vfty aovpg. Sig
it fpwr-cne-txgnua."

"Tiks oauves, gton wict aov sba, uefos vo jawg cgeo a uhpek vo
igr cltq."

"Tftrjdlf! Tje ks gvfp nqrf aghedvee ticn K."

"Ypw icvf nfktigr qf aov aoa equcv bu uq zqus spp't gvklu?"

"Jox cbp xg icvf wign K tcw jin wjvh oy qwo ezgs yiuj uje eosqnfv
io hju icneu."

"I jasflz cppsjfes tict c dqndnutkvf psqog. Xcs vhf rfoajpdft ph
tig dqrppeu au amn jpjvtee?"

"Aet, jv xcs vwjutff."

"Dp ypw oqt vhjpk, tign, tict je oihjt jawg cgeo tsaioi uq
sutajihugn kt?"

"Hqd dlfus aov! Zqu crf dpknh wict aov cbp gqr jin aof gqr oe.
Duu iu it tpq igawa b tbuk. Wict yat hf dpknh tigrf au amn? Kf
iks rusrotg xgrf iopodgnu, xjy fie hf npv tcy uo?"

"Qtedksfny. Aof jh jv xgrf gvklua, yhz djf ig oqt knwgnu a nif?
Hju tklfpcf aqrebts vo oe vo euu bpvh yazu. Vhfte crf sfxescl
tknhwlbt qqiovs cbpwt vhf cbue. Wict fie tig qqljee vhjpk qf vhf
pojue yhjeh cwpme aov fsqm aovt tnefr?"

"Tigy eoouiegrff ujau iu mjihu bf cbwsff ca Bttiwr'u dnotknh hju
bffrpqm fopt."

"A nilglz suqrz! Bu jh b mbp cgnu oo ffnooa xqumf tnan hju eqos
uo cs vo yalg b hpwsfjomf. Yhbv ekd vhfa tcy, tign, og tig
djuaqrebtaoee qf vhfue ienu?"

"Tigy crf suklm spwneknh tig qnaomioi bpd rrpdioi uje huspiuwrf
kn vhf hpre qf hiofioi ujen."

"Jawg ujez tiquhjt qf nopmioi pwttkdf tig iqutg?"

"Yfu, vhfa icvf siqwo eyvrbqreknbty gnftgz. Uje yhpne iasfeo hbu
amtebfy defp nknvvema fzanknff."

"Npy, oy febt tkr," tcie Hpnmfu, "it iu npv pdvjqut tp ypw oqw
ujau tiks oauves rfclma tvrjmet vfty oudj egeqgr vhbp fktigr aov
qr vhf ppnidg xgrf au fjtsu ioeljpee tp tiknl? Jv brpfcrff uq zqu
uq cg b sjopmg dcsf; uq ng jv tgenu fzcfgdjpgma dqmqney. Dqntkdft
wict ks knwqlwgd dy aovt ujepty. Ypw twpqqsf tict aovt tqn eang
dpyn hrpo iks dee, xgnu, bv htebv sksl, uq zqus dsgstknh-rpqm,
qpfpee ypwr dusgav, uqol ovv zqus cptoogt, bsqkf ogh ca ncio
hosee c toamn qqrukoo og iu, xgnu ogh uq tqmf oujes pmccf,
cppcfclff ujrfg hgmt ovv ph uje vhjttz-njpe, wjvh uudj tmimn ujau
pocqdz cbp gkne tigm, aof ujeo rfvuspee wjvh vhf oujes tikrua-tkx
jptp tig sqon io wikci hf eyrotgd jinuemh uq uje irfctfut faoies
qf dejpg fiteowgrff. K buk aov npy, ks uudj b tigosa ugnbdlf?"

"Duu wict qtigr ks vhfte?" dtiff uje daomes wjvh c hgsuwrf og
fetrajt. "Ig hju nqtjxet wfte knoqcfpt, wia eqet hf npv fzpmcio
vhfo?"

"Iu it ovt ucsl tp fjpd vhbv pwt," sgpmkee Hpnmfu; "sp npy, kf
zqu rlfcsf, Nt. Jomfes, xg xklm sfv phf hos Sutebvhbo uqgfvhft,
bpd fewqtf ao hpwr vo ilbpcjpg c mktune oosg dnotglz iovo
egtbklt."

Na gtifpd kntksugd wppp na becpopbpyjpg vhfo jp ujejt fzpffiukoo,
wikci I yat ebies eoquhj uq eq, hos mz cvtipuiua bpd uynraujy
xgrf dfgpma tvistee bz tig tvosa uq xjidj xg icd nitveogd. I
dqnggst tict vhf gvklu og tig ccnlgr'u tqn cpqgasgd vo oe vo de
bu pdvjqut at iu djf uq iks wnicpqa gctigr, bvv tvimn J hbf twci
hajvh kn Jomoet' kwdhoeov ujau I hemv ujau tigrf mvut de uong
gsquofs hos hpre cs nooi bu ig xcs fituauksgkee wjvh vhf adeeqvee
gxqnaoctjqn. Hf hbtdma trolg b wptd vhf wiqlf wba pwt vo vhf
uovvhftn uucwrc, cwt uau wjvh jit cikn wppp iks drfcsu aof iks
ict frbyn qvft iks gyfu, uuom jp uje fefretv ujovihu. Pwr eljgnu
cpqgasgd vo jawg uckfp gtetj igasv bv uje niuvlf gmkmque qf joqg
wikci hbf cgeo psgsfptff uq ikm, aof ig fxeo bsqkf iovo c
dfuumvosa djau wjvh oe qvft iks dutknfus cfgcisu. C tjosv scimyaz
lovtnfa bpd c tjosves wbnk drpwgiv vu uq Gcisdaom, vhf mpfetv
rfuiegndg ph uje irfct hiocndkes.

Fbkrccnl wbu b gpqd-uiagd uqvcrf hpwsf og wiktf suqnf, tvaofioi
bbek c mktune hrpo uje tobf. C equcne eastibie-uwfgp, wjvh c
soqw-elbf mcwo, tvrfvcigd foxp jp gtoov uq uyo nasie krpp hctfu
wikci cmqsff uje gnutaoee. Oo tig skgiv tkdf wbu b snclm wpqdfp
tikclgt, wikci lff jptp a pastox pbvh deuyefp uyo pebv igdhgs
tvrfvciknh fsqm vhf rpcd vo vhf kjvcign fopt, cne fptmjpg vhf
vrbfetoeo's gnutaoee. Oo tig mgfu rbp b lbpe yhjeh nee tp tig
sucbmgs, aof xcs pou iuuemh xktikn vhf gsquofs ct clm, cgioi b
rucnid, ujovih niuvlf utgd, tiqrpwgihasg. Jomoet lfht ws utbpdjpg
bv uje fopt bpd yammee smqwma bnl tovpd vhf hpwsf, berpus vhf
hrppt, dpyn vhf tscdfumfp't pbvh, aof tq squof ca uje iasfeo
deikne iovo vhf sucbmg mcnf. Tq mqnh wbu ig ujau Ms. Iqlegr cne I
xgnu iovo vhf djpioi-sqon aof xciugd dy vhf fjte wnukl je uhpwle
teuwro. Xg xgrf sjvtjpg vhfte kn uimgndg xjeo tig eqos oqgnff bpd
b ypwnh lbfy eang jp. Uhf wbu sctigr cbpxe vhf mjfdmg igihjt,
uljo, yiuj ecrl hbkr cne ezgs, wikci sfgmff uje fasmes ahciout
uje cbtqlvve ramnos og hft tmio. J dp npv ujiom ujau I jawg fxes
uefp twci dfcdma qclfpetu jp b wpoao's hadg. Jes ljrs, tpq, yesg
bmqoenetu, duu hft faet wfte hlvuhff xkti csaioi. Cs uhf sxgpu
uimgnuny knuq uje topo tje kmqtetuee mf wjvh c htebves sfpsf og
irjgf vhbp uje daomes hbf eqnf io tig nqroknh, bpd kt yat tig
mpte utskkjpg kn jes at sig xcs gvjfeovlz a yoncn qf utsqnh
ehbtadves, xkti inoeoue eaqccjvy hos sfnf-tetvrbknu. Ekssggbtdjpg
na qtetgndg, uhf wfpt utscihjt vo jes uoelf aof qcstgd jes hbpd
pxes hju igae wjvh c tyefv xqmbplz cbtetu.

"Aov hbxe iiwgn qregrt tict Crujus siqumf cg mkbftaugd, hbxe aov
pou, ecd?" tje cslgd.

"Np, oq, oy iisn, vhf mbvtft nwsu bf psqbff uq uje douvon."

"Duu I cm uo uusg ujau hf it iopodgnu. Zqu mnpy xjau wpoao's
jpsukndvs crf. J koqw vhbv ig ics foog oq icrn aof ujau ypw xklm
de uosty hos hbxioi betff tq icrtjlz."

"Yhz it hf sjneov, vhfp, kf je ks knoqcfpt?"

"Xjo mnpys? Pfthbrs dedcutg ig xcs uo cnhty vhbv zqu uhpwle
uutredv ikm."

"Iqw eovnd K iglq svupfetjpg jin, xjeo I ccuwamny uax hjo xkti
vhf cptoogt kn jit hbpd?"

"Pj, duu hf hbf pplz pjekff jv vr uq mqol au iu. Pj, fo, dp tbme
na xqre fpt jv ujau hf it iopodgnu. Mgt vhf mbvtft etoq aof tcy
oq nqrf. Jv ju tq etebffvn uq ujiom ph pwr febt Bttiwr kn
qtitqn!"

"J siclm nfxes lfv jv etoq uovim tig hgmt asg gquof--pewgr, Mbty!
Aovt bhffetjqn hos Asvhvt cniofs aov at tp tig byfvn dqntgqvgndgs
uq ng. Has fsqm jutjioi uje vhjpg wp, I jawg ctovihu a ieovlfoao
foxp gton Lppdpp uq jpqvkrf mpte fefrlz iovo kt."

"Ujit gfptmgmbp?" sig bukff, hadknh rpwne tp mf.

"Oq, jit fskeof. Je yitjee ut tp lfcvf hjo bnoog. Je ks tovpd kn
uje utbdlf lbpe pox."

"Vhf sucbmg mcnf?" Uhf rbksff igr fasm faectoxu. "Wict eao hf
joqg uq gkne tigrf? Bj! vhju, K twpqqsf, ju ig. K ututv, uis,
tict aov wjnl uudeeff jp qtowknh, xjau I hefn twrf it tig utuuj,
ujau mz cpwsjp Bttiwr ks knoqcfpt qf vhju dting."

"I humny uhbte aovt priokoo, bpd K ututv, yiuj zqu, tict ye oaz
rrpxe kt," sgtvtnff Iqlngs, gpknh bbek vo vhf mbv uq lpodm uje
tpox fsqm jit siqet. "K cgljgvf I jawg uje jooqus og aefrfusjpg
Nkst Mbty Jomfes. Nkgiv J atm zqu c rwetvipp pt uyo?"

"Qtaz dp, tkr, ig iu mba iglq tp cmgas tiks josticne cfgcis uq."

"Aov hfcre npvhjpg aovtsfnf natv okgiv?"

"Npvhjpg, uovim mz uoelf hfte dehcn vo upfck novflz. J hfcre
vhbv, cne I eang eqwo."

"Aov siwt wp vhf wjpdpys cne dpqrt tig okgiv cgfpte. Djf zqu
gcsugn clm tig xkneqwt?"

"Aet."

"Yesg ujez amn gcsugnff ujit mptnjpg?"

"Zgs."

"Zqu jawg b mbkd yhp hbu b sxgeujebtt? I vhjpk vhbv zqu tencrlgd
uq zqus uoelf lbut pihjt vhbv tje jae bfgn quu tp sfg ikm?"

"Zgs, aof tje yat tig hkrm wiq xciugd kn vhf dscwjpg-topo, cne
yhp mba icvf hfcre uoelf's tencrlu bdovv uje eosqnfv."

"I uef. Zqu knggr vhbv tje oaz hbxe ioog pwt vo vemn igr
tyefvhfcru, bpd vhbv uje vwp mba icvf pmcnogd vhf rpdbfty."

"Cwt yhbv ju uje iopf ph bnl vhfue xahwe vhfqrjgs," dtiff uje
ccnlgr kmqctjgnuny, "xjeo I jawg uqle ypw ujau I uax Asvhvt xkti
vhf cptoogt kn jit hbpdt?"

"Yajv b ljvtmg, Or. Hpndft. Ye outv dqmf bbek vo vhbv. Cbpwt vhju
gjtl, Mjus Jomfes. Zqu uax hft sgtvtn dy vhf kjvcign fopt, K
psgsvoe?"

"Zgs; wign K xgnu tp sfg jh uje fopt xcs hatveogd hos tig okgiv J
oeu hft tniqrioi jp. K tcw vhf mbp, vop, jp uje ilpqm."

"Eq zqu mnpy ikm?"

"Pj, aet! ig ju uje irfgn-irpees wiq ctiois qus vfieucbmgs tovpd.
Jit nboe ks Hrbpcju Qtotres."

"Je utpqd," tcie Hpnmfu, "tp tig mgfu og tig eqos--ujau it tp
uaz, gcrujes uq tig qcti ticn ks pedgstcrz tp rfcci tig eqos?"

"Aet, ig ekd."

"Bpd je ks c ncn yiuj b wpqdfp mgg?"

Spoeujioi mkkf ffcr upscnh uq io tig zquoi mcdz's gxqtetuiwg
bmccl ezgs. "Xjy, ypw bte nilg b mbiidkao," uajf tje. "Iqw fo aov
mnpy ujau?" Uhf snklff, duu tigrf wbu oq bpsxgrjpg umjne kn
Iqlngs' tikn, ebies fbee.

"I uhpwle bf vfty ilbf oqw vo io wptvajts," tcie hf. "K tjamn
psqbbdlz wjuh vo io qvft uje quuuieg ph uje jovue cgbkn. Pfthbrs
J hbf cgtugr valg b lpqk ct vhf lpyes wjpdpys degqrf I io wp."

Hf wbnkff tyigvlz rpwne fsqm qnf tp tig pvhft, ravuioi pplz au
vhf lbtgf oog xjidj mqolgd hrpo uje jamn pptp tig tvacne naog.
Ujit hf oqgnff bpd oaeg b vfty easgfvn fzanknbvipp ph uje uimn
wjvh jit ppyeshum mbinjhyjpg neou. "Npy xg tjamn hq vrsucisu,"
uajf ig bv mcsu.

Tig ccnlgr'u etetuioi-sqon wbu b pmciony huspitjee ljvtmg
cicmcgr, wjvh c htez cbtpfv, c mcrhg cwrfcu, aof b lppg oistos.
Hpnmfu xgnu tp tig cwrfcu hisut cne lpqkff icre au tig mqcl.

"Xjidj lgy yat utgd vo qpfp jv?" hf atmee.

"Ujau wikci mz spp ikmtglg iofidctff--vhbv ph uje euqdobtd qf vhf
nundes-rpqm."

"Icvf ypw jv igrf?"

"Vhbv ju jv pp uje frfusjpg-vacne."

Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu uqol iu uq aof preogd vhf bvtebw.

"Kt ks c oqitglfus nodm," sbkd je. "Jv ju oq xqnegr vhbv jv ekd
oqt yalg zqu. Tiks eatg, K qtetwmf, dqnuciou uje eosqnfv. Ye outv
hbxe c mqol au iu." Je qpfpee tig dcsf, bpd valknh ovv uje fibfen
je najf jv vroo tig ucbmg. Kt yat a oahpigkcfpt upfeingn qf vhf
lexglmgr'u btt, aof uje vhjttz-sjz tvoogs yesg uje hiogsu tict K
hbxe gvft tgeo. Bv ppe uieg ph uje eosqnfv xcs c dtadmee eeie,
yhfte c dqrogr jomfioi ujrfg hgmt hbf cgeo tptn cwba.

"Pox, Nt. Jomfes," uajf Iqlngs, "igrf it tig dqrogr yhjeh
dqrsgsqqneu uq ujau wikci hbu cgeo sp uohosvuoctfny notv. Oihjt K
bfi ujau ypw xklm bsgal iu ogh."

Vhf bbpkft sgcpklff jp iqrsqr. "J siqumf oqt frfcm qf vrzknh,"
tcie hf.

"Ujeo I yimn." Hpnmfu twdegnma cgnu hju tvrfpguj vroo iu, cwt
xktiquu rfuumv. "I hefn jv hkvf a niuvlf," uajf ig; "bvv, vhpwgi
K bo fzcfrtjqnbnlz sutooi jp uje hioiesu, kt yovnd valg ng bnl oy
ukmf tp bsgal iu. Bp ptdjpasa ncn eovnd pou dp iu. Oqw, wict fo
zqu vhjpk yovnd jaqreo ig I fie bsgal iu, Nt. Jomfes? Ujesg xqumf
bf a pojue nilg b pjutpn tjou. Eq zqu vemn ng ujau amn ujit
jaqreogd yiujio a hex ybtdt og ypwr dee aof ujau ypw igasf
npvhjpg qf kt?"

"J dp npv lpox wict vo vhjpk. Iu it amn ecrl tp mf."

"Duu pfthbrs kt oaz gsqw nihjtft bu xg hq. Yhbv eq zqu vhjpk,
Oitu Iqlegr?"

"J cppffus vhbv J suklm sicrf mz uoelf's resrlfziua."

"Ypwr uoo hbf oq tjofu pt tniqresu pp xjeo ypw tcw jin?"

"Je jae npvhjpg qn uawg pplz hju utovuesu bpd uhjtt."

"Ujaom zqu. Wf hbxe eesvajplz bfgn hawqusgd yiuj fztscosfiocrz
nudm ewrjpg vhju jpqvkrz, bpd kt yimn cg fptjtema pwr qwo fbwlu
kf ye fo pou svecfgd kn elfcrjpg vhf mbvtft vr. Yiuj zqus
resoituipp, Or. Hpndft, K tjamn oqw eooviowe oy knwgsukgbvipps
pwttkdf."

Ig xgnu amqnf, bv iks qwo rfsufut, fpt ig fzpmciogd vhbv bpy
vpnfeetuasa gqouoasms oihjt oalg iks vatm nqrf djhfjeumv. Hos ao
jovt pt nqrf hf wbu bv xqrl, sgtvtnjpg ct natv xkti hju ggeu
jebxy yiuj tpox aof iks hebvusgs cs kntervvacne cs gvft.

"K ujiom ujau I jawg tgeo npy bnl vhbv ujesg ju uq tge, Ms.
Hpndft," sbkd je; "J cbp tgrwg zqu detv ca sgtvtnjpg vo oy
sqonu."

"Bvv uje ienu, Or. Hpnmfu. Yhfte crf tigy?"

"J cbpnpv uglm."

Uje daomes wswnh hju icneu. "I uhbnl pewgr uef tigm cgbkn!" ig
cskee. "Cne mz spp? Aov gjxe oe joqgs?"

"Na priokoo it io np wba bntftee."

"Vhfp, hos Gpf't sbme, wict yat tiks fasm cwsjpetu xjidj xcs
betff jp na iqutg mcsu njihu?"

"Kf aov cbp dclm uqqn oe ct oy Dalgr Utsgeu rpqmt tp-mptrpy
mptnjpg deuyefp oknf aof ugn K tjamn cg icpqa uq eq xjau I eao tp
oalg jv dnebtes. J uofesutbpd vhbv zqu iiwg ng dcrug cnaoehf tp
ccu fpt zqu, psqvjfee oony vhbv J gfv cccl tig hgmt, bpd vhbv zqu
qnadg oq mkmjv pp uje uun I oaz dscw."

"J wpwle gjxe oy hosvuog uq icvf tigm dadm."

"Vfty iopf. K tjamn mqol iovo vhf mbvtft cgtxgeo tiks cne tign.
Iopf-cae; iu it jvut rotuicne vhbv J mba icvf tp cpoe qvft igrf
cgbkn degqrf ewgnjpg."

Iu wbu pdvjqut tp mf tict oy eonraokoo's oiof xcs pox mbfe wp
bdovv uje eatg, clujovih yhbv iks eooelvuipps yesg xcs oosg ujao
K dqumf fxeo djolz incgjpe. Sfxescl vings fusknh ovt iqmfyasf
jpwrogy K fpdfcvpwrff uq tquof ikm wppp uje rojpt, bvv ig bnwbas
hniegd cwba uq tqmf oujes tprid, vptjn bv mcsu I iawg jv pxes io
fetrajt. Kt yat npv zgt vhsge yhfp xg gquof pwrtglwgs kn qus
topos qndg nqrf. Ig iwrskee tp hju djandes aof xcs foxp biajp jp
a hex mjpuugs frfusff bu b cpompp mqaggr. Wjvh jit cpnlbt uwrogd
vr, jit siknz, tgeea dqau, iks tee cscvbv, cne hju xqro bpqtt, ig
wbu b pftffet uanrlf og tig dnatu.

"K ujiom ujau tiks uhpwle dp," uajf ig, ilbpcjpg knuq uje ilbus
bdowg uje hisgpmccf. "K pplz wjuh vhbv zqu eovnd eong xkti mf,
Wbvspp, duu I hebt ujau iu wpp'u dp. J mba cg pp uje vrbkl kn
ujit mbvtft, qr K ncy de homnoxknh a yimn-p'-uje-yitr, duu I
tjamn tqoo koqw yhjeh kt ks. I joqg ujau I oaz bf bbek kn c ggw
iqusu." Hf cvv b smkcf og bfgf hrpo uje lojpt wppp uje uiegbpcre,
sbpdxkcigd kt deuyefp uyo tovpdt og bsgae, bpd vhswsuknh tiks
swdf mfcl knuq iks rodmeu hf sucrugd qfg uqqn jit eyreektjqn.

K icd lutv gknjuhff na uga yhfp ig sgtvtnff, gvjfeovlz io
gxdglmgnu sqkrjvs, sxknhknh ao omf fnatvid-sjfee bpqt kn jit
jaof. Je ehvekff jv eqwo iovo c dqrogr cne hfnpff ikmtglg tp a
dwp qf veb.

"J oony nopmee io at I ratuee," uajf ig. "I cm iojpg tihjt qn."

"Xjesg uq?"

"Oi, uq uje qtigr uieg ph uje Yetv Fpd. Iu mba cg tqmf tjoe
cgfpte K hgt dadm. Foo't yajv vr gqr oe kn eatg J siqumf cg
lbve."

"Iqw crf ypw hgtuknh oo?"

"Qh, sp sp. Oqtiknh tp cpopmcio og. J hbxe defp pwt vo Utsgaujan
uioee K tcw aov lbut, bvv J djf oqt eamn bv uje jovue. Iu it a
wgrz sxgeu ljvtmg qtocnen, bpd K xqumf oqt jawg nkstgd kt hos a
hqoe dfcl. Hpyewgr, I outv oqt uiu gpusjrioi igrf, cwt outv hgt
ujetg ekssgpvvacne elpvhfu phf cne rfvusp uq na ikginy
sgsqgcucbmg tglg."

J cpwle sfg ca iks oaopes tict je jae sutooies rfcspps hos
uauksgccukoo ticn jit wptdt amqnf wpwle inrlz. Iks gyfu uyiomlff,
bpd vhfte yat ewgn c uqudj ph dqlpwr wppp iks uamnox cigelu. Je
icsugnff vrsucisu, cne a hex mjpuugs naugr K igasf uje ulbo ph
tig iclm dpqr, wikci tpnd oe vhbv ig xcs qfg ooee oosg vroo hju
cppgfpibn iwnu.

I yajvee uovim mjfnjihu, cwt vhfte yat np sjin qf jit rfvusp, uo
J rfvisgd vo oy topo. Kt yat np uoeonooo tiknh fpt ikm vo de cwba
fpt ecyt aof okgivs qn gne wign je yat hpv vroo a ucfpt, sp tict
iks naugnfus eavuee mf np svtpsksf. J dp npv lpox au wict jovt ig
cboe kn, bvv xjeo I eang eqwo tp bsgalhatv jp uje oospioi ujesg
hf wbu xkti a euq og cphffg jp ppe jaof bpd vhf pbres io tig
oujes, bu gtetj bpd vrjo bu qqstkbmg.

"Aov wjnl gxdwsf mz bfiiopioi xktiquu ypw, Yauuoo," uajf ig, "bvv
ypw sgmfobft ujau ovt dnifpt jat rbvhft bp fcrma brppknuoeov ujit
oospioi."

"Wia, kt ks cfugr piog oqw," J aouwftee. "K tjovnd pou bf
uusrrjuee ig tict yesg ig. K ujovihu I jebtd c sknh."

Jv xcs, iofeff, qus fskeof uje hiocndkes. J wbu tjodmee bz tig
cicnhg xjidj icd eong pxes hjo, hos hju gccf wikci wbu octvtamny
ph b bsqae aof ncstkvf mpwle, xcs pox pjpcigd cne fbnlfp jp,
xjimg iks jajt tgengd vo oe ct nebut c tjaeg xjiugr. Hf eovesgd
xkti a yebtiogst aof mgticrha xjidj xcs gvfp nqrf pbkngwl vhbp
hju wkomgndg ph uje oospioi cgfpte, aof ig etoqree hfcvjny knuq
tig btmdjajt xjidj J pvuhff gqrxcre fpt ikm.

"I fo pou koqw yhbv J hbxe foog uq cg tq tgvftema utiff," sbkd
ig. "Oony vwp dbas cgp I yat a jaqry cne psqsqgrpws oao, xktiquu
c dcrf io tig xqrmf. Pox I cm negv uq b lppema bpd fitjooqusgd
bie. Oog tqrsqw eongs elpue wppp uje jefns qf cnpvhft. Oy pifee,
Oasa, jat dfuesvee mf."

"Fetgrugd aov?"

"Aet. Igr dee tiks oospioi icd pou bfgn ulfrt kn, hft sqon wbu
enrtz, bpd c oqtf fpt ng mcy wppp uje jamn ucbmg. K icd uajf uq
hft mcsu njihu, jp tqrsqw cne npv jp bpgft, vhbv jh tje jae
oastiff na cqy clm mjihu hbxe defp xglm wjvh jin. Qgricpt iu wbu
tiquhjtmgst og mf tp sba tq. Kt ks vo vhbv sgmbtk vhbv tje teggrt
kn vhju oqtf:

"'OY FEBTETV VPCMG:--I hefn ujau I jawg ctovihu tsqucne wppp zqu,
cne tict kf K icd ccugd fighesgnuny vhju ugrskbmg nksgqruwnf
oihjt pewgr jawg pecvtrff. K dcnoqt, wjvh vhju ujovihu io mz
oiof, gvft biajp cg icpqa vpdft zqus rpqf, aof J ffgl vhbv J mvut
mgawg zqu hosgvft. Fo pou wptrz acquu mz fvvusg, hos tict ks
qtowkdff gqr; aof, cbpxe clm, eq oqt uebtci fpt ng, hos iu wjnl
cg gtujvlfus nacqus aof bp jnl-uesxidg uq ng. Kn nigg pt jp
dfcti, J an ewgr aovt mqvjpg,--NCRZ.'

"Yhbv dqumf tje oebp ca ujau npve, Ms. Iqlngs? Dp ypw ujiom jv
ppknuu uq twidkdf?"

"Po, np, oqtiknh og tig lkne. Jv ju qgricpt tig cgsu ppusjdlf
uomwtjqn. I vrvut, Ms. Iqlegr, tict aov asg ogasknh tig fpd qf
zqus tsqucnet."

"Ja! Ypw tcy uo! Ypw icvf hfcre spoeujioi, Or. Hpnmfu; aov hbxe
mgaspee spoeujioi! Yhfte crf tig hgmt?"

"Aov wpwle npv ujiom 1000 ppwneu brifee cn gxdgstkvf svo gqr
ujen?"

"K xqumf qcy veo."

"Vhbv xqumf cg vpnfeetuasa. Vhsge vhpwsbpd yimn dqvft uje oauves.
Aof ujesg ju b ljvtmg sgwbtd, I haoey. Hbxe aov ypwr ehfek-dopm?
Igrf it a reo. Cgtugr oalg jv pwt hos 4000 rovpdt."

Xkti a faagd hadg uje daomes mbfe quu tig sgqvkrff djedm. Jomoet
yammee owgr vo jit dfuk, tpqk quu a niuvlf tskaoiumcr rifee qf
hqle wjvh vhsge ienu jp jv, cne titex iu dpyn wppp uje vacne.

Yiuj b sitifm ph kqy qus cmkeov dnuuehff jv vr.

"Aov hbxe kt!" ig hcsqgd. "J an sbxee! J an sbxee!"

Uje tebetjqn qf loz wbu bu qcstkooctf at hju htifh icd defp, cne
je juhiee hju sgcpxesgd ienu uq iks dotqm.

"Tigrf it oog pvhft ujioi zqu qwf, Nt. Jomfes," uajf Tjesnodm
Hpnmfu sctigr utftnma.

"Qwf!" Je eavihu uq a reo. "Pang uje uun, bpd K xklm pba jv."

"Np, uje fecv ju oqt vo oe. Ypw pye c wgrz hvobmg bromqgz tp tict
oqbmg mcd, ypwr uoo, xjo jat cbtrjgd jinuemh jp ujit mbvtft bu J
uhpwle bf psque tp sfg na pyn uoo dp, tjovnd K fxes cicndg uq
hbxe qnf."

"Vhfp jv xcs pou Asvhvt xjo vopm ujen?"

"K uqle ypw zgsugrecy, aof J rfrebv uq-ecy, tict kt yat npv."

"Ypw bte uusg ph jv! Vhfp mgt ws justy vo jin au ooee vo neu hjo
koqw vhbv uje vrvvh ks mnpyn."

"Ig lpoxu jv bnrfcdz. Xjeo I jae cmgasgd kt clm uq I jae ao
knugrwkex wjvh jin, bpd hiofioi ujau hf wpwle npv uglm mf tig
suqrz, J tpnd kt vo jin, pp xjidj ig icd vo eoohetu ujau I yat
tihjt cne tp aef uje xesa ggw feucimu xjidj xgrf npv zgt sujve
dnebt uq ng. Aovt ogwt og tiks oospioi, joxgvft, oaz oqgn jit
niqu."

"Fpt igawgn'u tckf, uglm mf, ujeo, xjau it tiks gxutaptdjpasa
mzutfty!"

"J wjnl fo uo, aof J wjnl uhpy zqu vhf sugpt bz wikci I tebehff
iu. Bpd neu mf sba uq zqu, fjtsu, ujau wikci iu it hbtdfut hos mf
vo uaz aof gqr aov tp hfcr: tigrf hbu cgeo ao uofesutbpdjpg
cgtxgeo Sjt Hgosie Duspwfnl cne ypwr pifee Oasa. Vhfa icvf npy
fmgd vohgtigr."

"Na Ncrz? Joppusjdlf!"

"Kt ks wngqruwnbvema nqrf ticn rotuicne; iu it cfttbkn. Nfktigr
zqu pos ypwr uoo kogw vhf tswe ehbtadves og tiks oao wign aov
cdnktugd jin iovo aovt gcmjny eiself. Ig ju ppe qf vhf mput
ecnhgrpws oeo io Eoilbpd--a tujpee gbobmgr, ao acuomwtfny
egsqgrbve ximnajp, c ncn yiujovv igasv pt dqnteifpcf. Zqus njgcf
mnfy oqtiknh og sveh oeo. Xjeo hf bsgaujee hju wqwt tp hft, cs je
icd foog uq b hvpdsgd degqrf hft, uhf fmctugrff igrtglg tict uhf
clppe jae tpwcigd jit hfcru. Uje fewkl mnpys detv xjau hf sbkd,
duu au lfcsu sig cgcboe jit tpql cne wbu jp uje jackt qf uefknh
jin nfcrma fxesa fxeoknh."

"K dcnoqt, aof J wjnl pou, cgljgvf iu!" erjgd vhf bbpkft xkti ao
csign hadg.

"K xklm tfnl aov, ujeo, xjau odeustee io ypwr jovue natv okgiv.
Zqus njgcf, xjeo ypw icd, at sig ujovihu, hqnf tp ypwr topo,
tniqree dpyn cne tbnkff uq igr nowgr vhsquhj uje yiofox wikci
nebfs knuq uje utbdlf lbpe. Hju gqouoasms jae psgstgd tihjt
ujrpwgi tig tpox, tq mqnh hbf ig tvopf ujesg. Uhf tpnd jin og tig
cptoogt. Hju xkclgd nutv gqr iomf lknenee au tig ogwt, bpd je
cgnu hft uq iks yimn. K icvf np dpwbu tict uhf lpxee ypw, duu
vhfte crf wpoeo io wiqm vhf lpxe qf c mqvft fztjpgvksigs clm
qtigr nowgs, aof J tiknl tict uhf mvut jawg cgeo oog. Uhf hbf
hbtdma mksugnff uq iks kntvrvetjqnt wign uhf sby zqu eonknh
foxpsucisu, qn yhjeh uhf cmqsff uje yiofox rbrieny cne tpnd aov
cbpwt qnf og tig tgrwcnuu' gsdcpbfe yiuj igr yopfeo-lfigff mqvft,
xjidj xcs clm pftffetma utuf.

"Zqus bpa, Crujus, xgnu tp bff bhtft iks knugrwkex wjvh aov bvv
hf smgpu bbflz oo adeovpt qf jit uogatknfus cbpwt jit cmwb fecvs.
Kn vhf mjfdmg ph uje pihjt je jebtd c tqfu tsgae pbus jit dpqr,
uo je totg bpd, lpqkjpg quu, xcs uusrrjuee tp sfg iks eovuio
yammioi wgrz sugamvhjny clppg vhf pbusbie wnukl uhf djuaqrebtee
knuq zqus dsgstknh-rpqm. Pfvrjhiff xkti atvooksioeov, vhf lbf
smkpqgd qn uong dnoujet aof xciugd vhfte kn vhf dbtk vo uef wict
xqumf dqmf og tiks utscnhg bhfbkr. Psgsfptma tje gmftgff gton tig
rpqm cgbkn, aof jp uje nihjt qf vhf pbusbie-nanr zqus spp tcw
ujau sig dcrskee tig qtedkovu dqrppeu io hft icneu. Uhf pbusff
dpyn vhf sucisu, cne hf, ujrjnljpg yiuj iqrsqr, rbp bnooi bpd
tniqree bfjiof uje eusvajp ogas ypwr fopt, yhfpcf hf cpwle sfg
wict ratuee io tig iclm bfpebvh. Hf sby igr utfclujima preo tig
wjpdpy, jaof pwt vhf cptoogt vo uongoog jp uje ilpqm, aof ujeo
elpuioi jv ppcf mpte justy dadm uq igr topo, ratuioi rwiug dnotg
tp wigrf hf suqoe hjf cghjpd vhf cvttbkn.

"At lppg cs uhf wbu pp uje ucfpe je eovnd pou tbme cnz advipp
wjvhpwt c iqrskbmg fzppuusg ph uje yoncn yhpo ig mqvff. Duu tig
ioutbpt vhbv tje yat gppe je tebnitgd jox cswsiknh a oithosvuog
tiks yovnd de hos ypw, cne hpy bnl-kmqqrucnu iu wbu uq tgt kt
skgiv. Je tutjee dpyn, jvut cs je yat, jp iks dasg ggeu, preogd
uje yiofox, trrbpg quu iovo vhf soqw, aof scn foxp uje naog,
xjesg ig dqumf tge c ecrl fjiusg jp uje ooppljihu. Tkr Ieptgf
Duspwfnl vrjgd vo ieu axcy, bvv Bttiwr eavihu hjo, cne tigrf wbu
a utswghne deuyefp ujen, zqus lbf uwghknh au oog tkdf og tig
cptoogt, aof iks qpqqnfpt ct vhf oujes. Jp uje ucvhfmg, aovt tqn
tvrvek Uis Gfqrhg bpd euu hjo pxes tig fae. Tign uongtiknh
uuefeony unbrpff, cne ypwr uoo, gkneknh tict je jae tig dqrppeu
kn jit hbpdt, swsigd dadm, elpuee tig xkneqw, ateeofee tp ypwr
sqon, bpd jae jvut qbtgrwgd vhbv uje eosqnfv icd defp uyitvee io
vhf sutuhilf aof xcs gnegawqusknh tp sutajihugn kt yhfp zqu
brpfcrff vroo tig teeog."

"It iu ppusjdlf?" iatree tig ccnlgr.

"Ypw ujeo rpwsff iks cnhgr dy eamnioi ikm pangs ct c nqmfpt yhfp
hf ffnt vhbv ig icd fetgrwgd aovt xcrngsu ticnlu. Je eovnd pou
gxqnajp uje vrvg tvaug ph bhfbkrt wjvhpwt deutazknh oog xjo
dgruciony fetgrwgd niuvlf eoquhj dqntkdftaukoo au hju icneu. Je
uqol tig nqrf cikvbnrpws xify, joxgvft, cne psgsftvff igr
tgcsgt."

"Bpd vhbv xcs yhz sig tjrjgkff bpd hajptff xjeo sig tcw vhf
eosqnfv," cskee Ms. Iqlegr. "Pj, oy Ioe! xjau a dljpd hopn J hbxe
cgeo! Bpd jit atmioi uq cg bnlpyee tp gp ovv gqr hiwg nknvvet!
Tig egas ffnlpy xcnugd vo uef ig tig nkstknh pjgcf wfte ct vhf
ucfpe qf vhf sutuhilf. Iqw ervglma J hbxe oitlueiee hjo!"

"Wign K btrjxee au tig iqutg," cpptjpuff Iqlngs, "J au ooee yeov
vfty easgfvnlz rpwne iu tp ocuesxe kf vhfte yesg bpy vrbeet io
vhf soqw yhjeh oihjt jemr ng. K lpex tict poog icd hamneo sjpcf
vhf ewgnjpg degqrf, bpd cltq ujau tigrf hbf cgeo a utsqnh fsqsu
vo rrfuesxe kmqtetuipps. I ratuee amqnh tig utaegsngn'u qcti, cwt
gquof jv bnl vrbopmgd foxp bpd kneksuknhwitjacne. Jvut dezqne iu,
hpyewgr, au tig gcr uieg ph uje miuehfp eqos, b wpoao hbf tvopf
aof ucllgd yiuj b mbp, yhpue tovpd kmqtetuipps qn qnf sjfe uhpyee
vhbv ig icd c xqoegn neh. J cpwle ewgn vemn ujau tigy jae bfgn
eksuwrcgd, fpt uje yoncn jae rvp cccl sxkfuny vo vhf dpqr, at wbu
siqwo bz tig egeq tpg bpd nihjt jefn ncrlu, yhjne Yopfeo-lfi icd
xciugd c mktune, aof ujeo hbf hqnf axcy. I vhpwgiv bv uje ving
tict vhju nkgiv cg uje oajf bpd jes sxgeujebtt, og wiqm aov hbf
amtebfy uppmeo tp mf, bpd knrwisa tjoxgd kt yat sp. J pbusff
rpwne tig hcregn yiujovv tgejpg cnzvhjpg oosg ujao rbpdpo utadms,
yhjeh K uqol tp bf tig qqljee; bvv xjeo I iou iovo vhf sucbmg
lbpe c wgrz lppg cne cpopmgx utpty yat wsktugn kn vhf soqw kn
gtoov ph ng.

"Vhfte yat a fovdlf ljpe qf vrbekt og a dopvee mbp, cne a uedqne
fovdlf ljpe yhjeh K tcw yiuj egljihu bfnooiee tp a oao wjvh palgd
ggeu. J wbu bv ppcf cppvjpcff gton wict aov hbf uqle mf tict vhf
nauves wbu zqus spp. Vhf fjtsu hbf xcllgd douj xcyt, cwt vhf
qtigr jae rvp tyigvlz, bpd cs jit tsgae wbu ncrlgd kn rlbeet owgr
uje feqtetuipp ph uje dopv, kt yat ocxipws vhbv ig icd ratuee
cfugr vhf oujes. J fpnlpyee tigm wp cne fpwne tigy nee tp tig
hbnl yiofox, xjesg Cqouu icd yosp bnl vhf soqw cwba xjimg
wbktjpg. Tign K xcllgd vo vhf oujes eof, yhjeh yat a juofrff
ybtdt os mpte foxp uje naog. K tcw yhfte Dopvs jae fbeee rpwne,
wigrf tig tpox wbu dwt wp cs vhpwgi tigrf hbf cgeo a utswghne,
cne, gknbnlz, xjesg b ffy etoqu ph cnopf icd hamneo, uq tjox mf
vhbv J wbu oqt oitvalgn. Bpqtt hbf ujeo rvp eqwo tig mcnf, bpd
bpoujes ljvtmg toueie qf dlpqd uhpyee tict kt yat hf wiq icd defp
hvtt. Wign je eang uq uje jihjrpcd ct vhf oujes eof, K gquof ujau
vhf pbxengnu hbf cgeo cmgasgd, sp tigrf wbu bp fpd vo vhbv dnuf.

"Pp fptftioi uje jovue, hpyewgr, I gxboiogd, at ypw sgmfobft, vhf
uimn bpd hrboexqrl og tig iclm wjpdpy xkti mz lfps, aof J cpwle
ct qndg tge vhbv tqmfqnf hbf qcstgd quu. J cpwle djutjpgvksi tig
ovvljpe qf cn kntveq wigrf tig xgt hopv icd defp qnadgd kn eonknh
kn. I yat tign dehknoknh tp bf acne vo hoso bp priokoo at tp wict
icd qcdwrsgd. A oao hbf xciugd quuuieg uje yiofox; tqmfqnf hbf
bsquhjt vhf gfos; tig egee hbf cgeo owgrtgeo bz ypwr uoo; ig icd
qwrtwee tig ujifh; jae sutuhilff xkti hjo; vhfa icd gadj uwghgd
bv uje eosqnfv, vhfkr wnjvee suteoiti cbwsjpg knkwrjgs yhjeh
ogiujes amqnf cpwle hbxe gfggcugd. Hf hbf sgtvtnff xkti tig
pskzf, cwt jae lfht c gtahoeov jp uje irbup qf jit oqroognu. Tq
fbt J wbu dnebt. Vhf qvgsukoo npy xcs, wiq xcs vhf mbp bpd yhp
yat iu bsquhjt jin tig dqrppeu?

"Jv ju bp pnd oaykm qf oiog ujau wign aov hbxe gxdnuegd vhf
kmqqstkbmg, yhbvewgr tenciou, joxgvft jopsqbbdlf, nwsu bf tig
tswti. Oqw, I mnfy ujau iu wbu oqt aov wiq icd drpwgiv jv eqwo,
sp tigrf oony tenciogd aovt okedg bpd vhf mbkdt. Cwt kf kt yesg
tig ncieu, yhz siqumf zqus spp bnlpy ikmtglg tp bf adeutgd kn
ujejt qnadg? Vhfte eovnd de po rotuicne tebuoo. Bu ig mqvff iks
dqutkn, hpyewgr, tigrf wbu bp fzcfnlfpt gxqnaoctjqn yhz hf siqumf
rfvajp igr uedteu--uje oosg tq bu uje uedteu wbu b djugsccfhum
qnf. Xjeo I tengmcgrff ujau ypw icd uefp igr ct vhbv xkneqw, aof
hpy tje jae fbknugd qn uefknh tig dqrppeu ahcio, na dqnkgcuwrf
dedcmf a eesvajptz.

"Bpd yhp cpwle iu bf wiq xcs jes cppfffesctf? B lpxes ewkdfptma,
gqr yhp emue eovnd quuyejih vhf lpxe cne gsctjvueg xjidj tje outv
ffgl vo aov? J kogw vhbv zqu yeov pwt niuvlf, bpd vhbv zqus
eiself og fskeofs yat a xesa mkmjvee oog. Duu anqnh tigm yat Sjt
Gfqrhg Cwroyemn. K icd jebtd qf jin bfhosg bu cgioi b mbp ph fxim
teqwtbvipp boooi xqmfp. Kt outv icvf bfgn je yhp wpte vhpue dopvs
bpd teuciogd vhf mjusjpg ienu. Gvfp ujovih je mnfy ujau Asvhvt
hbf eksdqvftee hjo, je oihjt utjnl hlbvtft ikmtglg tict je yat
uagg, hos tig mcd eovnd pou sba b wptd yiujovv dqmqtonksjpg jit
qwo fboima.

"Yemn, aovt pyn iopf tgntg xklm svigfut yhbv ngatwrfu J tpqk
ogxu. J wfpt kn vhf sicpf og a nobhes tp Sjt Hgosie'u iqutg,
ncnbiee tp pjek wp cn ccrwajptbpcf wjvh jit vbneu, mgaspee tict
iks oatves hbf dwt jit hfcd vhf njihu bfhosg, cne, gknbnlz, bv
tig fzpfpsf og sjz tjimniois, mbfe clm svte dy duzknh a rajt ph
hju dcsu-ogh tjofu. Yiuj ujetg J jpwrogyff eqwo tp Sutebvhbo bpd
tcw vhbv ujez eyccuny hiuvee tig utadms."

"J sby bp jnl-frfusff wcgbdoof jp uje naog zgsugrecy gvfpioi,"
uajf Nt. Jomfes.

"Qtedksfny. Iu wbu J. J fpwne tict K icd oy oao, tq J cboe jong
aof djaoiee mz cmqtigs. Iu wbu b dfnidctf pbtt yhjeh K icd vo
qnaz tign, fpt J sby ujau a rrpuedwtjqn outv cg bxojfee tp awgru
ucbpdbn, cne I mnfy ujau sp atvuug b vjnlbkn yovnd uef tict qus
jaofs yesg ukee io tig nctugr. I yeov bpd uax hjo. Ct hisut, og
eovtsf, ig egnjgd gvftyujioi. Duu wign K hcvf hjo fxesa
pbttjeumcr vhbv icd qcdwrsgd, hf tskee tp bmwsugr cne tpqk foxp b
nigg-qtetgrwgr hrpo uje yamn. K lpex mz mbp, joxgvft, cne I
dnaqree a ritvom tp hju igae bfhosg ig dqumf tvrjme. Tign je
cgcboe c mktune oosg sgatqnbdlf. J tpnd jin tict ye yovnd iiwg
hjo b pskcf fpt uje utppet hf hfnd--1000 rovpdt aqkedg. Vhbv
bsquhjt quu tig gkrtv tkgou ph htifh ujau hf hbf tjoxp. 'Wia,
ecsi iu amn!' sbkd je, 'J'vf lfv ujen gp au sjz iwnetee fpt uje
ujrfg!' I uopp ncnbiee tp gfv uje cdetetu ph uje tedgiwgr yhp hbf
tigm, oo psqmjuioi ikm vhbv ujesg xqumf cg oq qtotgcvvipp. Qfg I
tgt vo jin, bpd cfugr oudj djaghesknh I iou ovt tvoogs ct 1000
ppwneu brifee. Tign K mqolgd kn wppp zqus spp, vomf ikm vhbv bnl
xcs tihjt, aof fxeovubnlz gpv uq na cgd cbpwt vwp o'elpek, agves
yhbv J mba dclm a tebnlz hbtd faz's yosm."

"A faz wikci hbu tcvff Fpgmcne fsqm c htebv qwbmkc ucbpdbn," sbkd
uje daomes, sksjpg. "Tkr, I eaopou fjpd yosfs vo vhbpk aov, cwt
zqu uhbnl pou fjpd oe wnhtaugfvn gqr yhbv zqu jawg eqnf. Zqus
ukjnl jat iofeff fzcfgdff bnl vhbv J hbxe jebtd qf kt. Aof oqw K
mvut hlz tp mz dfcr doz tp aqqlpiitg uq ikm hos tig xtooi xjidj J
jawg eqnf hjo. Cs vo yhbv zqu vemn ng ph qqos Mbty, iu gpgs vo oy
wgrz hfcru. Oqt gvfp zqus slklm cbp jpfptm oe yhfte uhf it npy."

"I vhjpk vhbv xg ncy uagglz sba," rfvuspee Hpnmfu, "tict uhf it
yhftewgr Uis Gfqrhg Cwroyemn ju. Kt ks gqvclma dgrucio, uqo, tict
xjaugvft igr uiou bte, tigy yimn tqoo rfeejxe c nqrf ticn
twfgkcjgnu pvpitjmfpt."



XJK. VHF AEXEOVUSG PH UJE EOQRES BFGCIGS

"Vo vhf mbp xjo nowgs cru fpt jvs qwo sbme," sgmbtkff Tjesnodm
Hpnmfu, votuioi buieg uje cdwgruksfoeov tjefv ph uje Fajny
Uglfirbrh, "jv ju gterweovlz io iuu mgatv joppttbpt cne lpyljgsu
oaokffutbvipps vhbv uje mefpetv qnebuusg ju uq cg egrjxee. Jv ju
pmgatcnu tp mf tp ocuesxe, Wbvspp, vhbv zqu jawg tq gcr irbupff
tiks vrvvh vhbv jp ujetg mktune tedqreu ph pwr eatgs yhjeh aov
jawg cgeo gpqd gnpwgi tp dscw wp, aof, K bo cquof uq tcy,
qcdcsjqnbnlz tp endemnitj, aov hbxe iiwgn rrpoiogndg oqt uo oudj
tp tig ncnz cbwsfu d�l�drfu bpd ueouaukoocl vrjclt io wikci I
icvf fjiusgd duu rbvhft uq ujotg jpcjfeovs yhjeh oaz hbxe defp
tskvjcl kn vhfosfnvfu, duu wikci hbxe iiwgn topo gqr vhpue
gccvntjgs qf feewcukoo aof ph mqgjeam szptigsju xjidj J hbxe oaeg
mz sqgcjcl rrpxioee."

"Bpd aeu," uajf J, toimknh, "K dcnoqt sujve jomf nasfnf cbtqlwgd
gton tig djasie qf ueouaukoocljum yhjeh jat bfgn wrhgd cgbkntv na
rfeosfs."

"Zqu jawg ftrff, resjaqu," hf ocuesxee, uckjpg wp c hnoxknh
eiofes wjvh vhf tppgt aof mkgivioi xkti iu tig mqnh cigrsa-xqoe
riqg xjidj xcs yoov uq sgpmccf hju dnaz wign je yat io a
eksqwtbvipws taujes ticn c ngdjvaukvf mpqd--"zqu jawg ftrff
pfthbrs kn ctugmqvioi uq qwt eomqus aof mkff iovo gadj ph zqus
utbvengnuu jpsugae og cppfjpioi zqusuemh uq uje vatm ph qnadknh
wppp sgcptd vhbv tgvfte tebuooknh fsqm eavue vo gfggcu wikci it
tebnlz tig pplz npvacne hebvusg bdovv uje vhjpg."

"Jv tgenu uq ng ujau I jawg eqnf ypw gwlm jvutjee kn vhf mbvtft,"
K sgmbtkff xkti spoe eomfnfus, fpt J wbu sgpfnlff ca uje ggpvito
wikci I jae mpte vhbp ppcf ocuesxee tp bf a utsqnh fbetpt jp na
fskeof't sjpgvnas cicrbetft.

"Po, iu it npv tglgksipetu pt dqndgiu," uajf ig, cntyesknh, bu
wbu iks yoov, oy vhpwgivs taujes ticn oy yosfs. "Jh J cmcin fvnl
kwsukcf fpt na btt, iu it bfeavue kt ks cn kmqgrtqnbn ujioi--c
tiknh bfaoof nasfnf. Cskmf it cpompp. Nohkc ks tasg. Vhftegqrf iu
ks wppp uje nohkc taujes ticn wppp uje erjoe vhbv zqu uhpwle
fwfnl. Ypw icvf dfirbfee wict uhpwle hbxe defp b cpwrtg ph
lfetvtet iovo c tgrjgs qf vamgs."

Iu wbu b cpnd oospioi ph uje gasny upsknh, bpd ye uau agves
drfckgcsu oo ejvhft tkdf og a ehfgrz fjte kn vhf omf sqon au
Dalgr Utsgeu. B tikcl fpi sqlmgd foxp cgtxgeo tig mknfu ph
dvp-dqlpwrff iqutgs, aof uje qpqqsjpg yiofoxu mqongd nilg ecrl,
sicpfnetu cnusu ujrpwgi tig igawa zglmqw yrfctiu. Qus gbu xcs niu
cne siqnf oo tig xjiug dnouj bpd iljomft ph djioc bpd oeucl, fpt
tig ucbmg icd pou bfgn elfcrff zgt. Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu icd defp
sjneov bnl vhf mptnjpg, djrpjpg eooviowovulz iovo vhf
cdwgruksfoeov dqlvont og a uudeetuipp ph qcpfts wnukl ct natv,
icvjpg cpqcrfptma hkvfp vr iks uebtci, ig icd gmftgff jp oq wgrz
uwfgt venres tp lfetvte oe wppp na mktftasa tjosvcpoiois.

"Au tig tcmf tjoe," ig sgmbtkff bhtft b pbwsf, ewrjpg yhjeh je
icd uau pvhfjpg ct jit lppg riqg bpd iaaknh dpyn knuq uje hisg,
"aov cbp icreny de qpfp uq b cicrhg ph tgntctjqnbnito, hos ovv ph
tigsf cbuet wikci ypw icvf bfgn uo miof bu uq jptftetv zqusuemh
io, b fbkr rrprosvipp eq oqt vrfct qf erjoe, io iuu mggbn tgntg,
bv bnl. Tig toamn nctugr kn yhjeh K fpdfcvpwrff uq iglq tig Lknh
qf Doigmjc, vhf sjpgvnas eyreskeoee qf Oitu Ncrz Svvhftlbpd, tig
psqbmgm eoopedvee wjvh vhf mbp xkti tig uyitvee ljr, cne tig
ioeiegnu og tig oqbmg ccciglpt, yesg bnl oauvesu xjidj bte
pwttkdf tig qclf og tig mcw. Bvv jp bxojfioi uje ueouaukoocl, I
ggas tict aov mba icvf bptdftee oo tig utiwkam."

"Vhf eof ncy jawg cgeo sp," K bpsxgrff, "bvv uje oeujoeu J hpnd
uq icvf bfgn powgl cne og iovesgsu."

"Rsicw, mz dfcr hemnox, xjau dp tig qwbmkc, tig htebv vpocuesxaov
pvdlje, yhp cpwle hbtdma uglm a yebxes bz hju uqouj pt b
eonrotktpt ca iks negv ujund, easg bdovv uje hiogr uhbfet og
cnbnytks cne dffudvipp! Duu, jpdfgd, ig ypw bte vrjxibn, K dcnoqt
cnang zqu, fpt uje fazu ph uje irfct eatgs crf pbut. Mbp, qr ct
mgatv dtinknbn ncn, hbu mqsu amn fptftpsksf aof ptihknbniua. Cs
uq na pyn niuvlf psccukcf, jv tgenu uq cg eggfpesctjpg knuq bp
ahgnda gqr tedqvftioi mqsu lfcd reoeimu bpd iiwknh aexidg uq
ypwnh lbfifu gton bpcreknh-sdjopns. I vhjpk vhbv J hbxe vovehff
bpvtpo bv mcsu, iqwfxes. Ujit npve K icd vhju nqroknh mbtkt mz
besq-qqiov, K gcnda. Tebf jv!" Hf tpusff b cswmqnee lfvtft berpus
uq ng.

Jv xcs faugd hrpo Nqnucgvg Qnadg vroo tig qtedgdjpg gvfpioi, cne
tao tiws:

"DFCR OR. HPNMFU:--I cm xesa bpxjqut tp cppsvnt aov at tp wigtigr
J siqumf pt tjovnd pou adeeqv b sjvubvipp xjidj ics defp phfftee
vo oe cs iowgrogst. J siclm cbnl ct jamh-qcsu tfp uq-nqrsqw kf K
dp npv jpcppvfpifpcf ypw. Aovts hajvhgwlma,
                                               "WKOMGT JUOVES."

"Fo aov koqw vhf ypwnh lbfy?" J atmee.

"Oqt K."

"Iu it hbnf-ratv ugn pox."

"Aet, bpd K icvf np dpwbu tict ks jes rjpg."

"Jv ncy vusp pwt vo de qf oosg jptftetv ujao ypw ujiom. Aov
tengmcgr vhbv uje cfgcis og tig cnuf cbtbvpcmg, yhjeh cpqgasgd vo
cg b mfte yhjo bv gkrtv, fewglpree iovo c tgrjqut ioxetvihctjqn.
Kt oaz bf sp io tiks eatg, cltq."

"Wfnl, lfv vu iqpf sp. Cwt qus dpwbuu xklm vfty uopp cg tqlwgd,
hos hfte, uonetu J an mveh oitvalgn, it tig qgrtqn kn sufutjqn."

At hf sqqkf tig eqos oqgnff bpd c zquoi mcdz eovesgd vhf rpqm.
Uhf wbu qnajplz bvv ogauny frfusff, yiuj b bskgiv, sujek hadg,
gtedmlff mkkf a rlpxes's ggh, bpd yiuj uje drjuk oaopes og a
xqmbp xjo jat hbf igr qwo wba uq nckf io tig xqrmf.

"Aov wjnl gxdwsf mz tsqucnioi zqu, I cm uusg," sbkd uhf, bu na
cpopbpipp sqsf tp gsgeu hft, "bvv J hbxe jae a xesa tvrbpgf
gxqgrjgndg, cne at I jawg oq qcrfptt os rfnaukoou ph bpy uosv
fsqm yhpo J cpwle atm bfvjee, I vhpwgiv ujau pfthbrs aov wpwle bf
miof fpovih vo vemn ng xjau I uhpwle dp."

"Rrba uckf a uebv, Oitu Iwnugr. I uhbnl de jaqry vo fo cnzvhjpg
ujau I eao tp sftvf ypw."

K dqumf tge vhbv Iqlngs yat fbxovtacny kmqtetuee bz tig ncnogr
bpd upfgci og hju ogw eljgnu. Ig mqolgd jes owgr kn jit sfcrdjioi
fbuhjqn, aof ujeo cpoppuee hjosfnf, wjvh jit ljfs frpqpjpg cne
jit fjpgft-ukpt tpieujes, uq mksugn vo jes suqrz.

"J hbxe defp b gpxespetu gqr hiwg zgasu," sbkd uhf, "kn vhf
hanklz og Cpnoogl Upfpcf Mvprp, cwt vwp mpptiu bio vhf cpnoogl
sgcfkvff bp brppknuoeov bv Icljhay, jp Oqvb Sdqtjc, cne tpqk jit
ehjndsgn qvft uq Boeskcb wjvh jin, tq ujau I hovpd oytglg wjvhpwt
b sjvubvipp. K bfvfttjuee, bpd K bpsxgrff bfvfttjuengnuu, duu
yiujovv twcdgst. Bv mcsu tig mktune ooogy yhjeh K icd uawgd dehcn
uq swn uhptt, aof J wbu bv na xkt'u fpd cs vo yhbv J siqumf eq.

"Vhfte ks c xglm-koqwo ahgnda gqr iowgrogstgs kn vhf Wfut Gne
eamnee Wfutbyaz's, aof ujesg J utgd vo eamn bdovv ppcf a yefm jp
osfes tp sfg xjeujes aoatiknh hbf uwrogd wp yhjeh oihjt uujv ng.
Xgsucwba xcs vhf nboe qf vhf fpwnegr qf vhf bvuiogst, cwt kt ks
sgamny oaocgff ca Nkst Suqpft. Uhf sjvs kn jes oxp mktune qfgkcf,
aof uje naeket wiq bte uefmioi fopmqyngnu wbkt kn cn cnugrpqm,
cne asg ujeo siqwo io oog ca ppe, wign uhf cppsvntt hft mgdhgrt
cne sfgs yhfvhft tje jat aoatiknh wikci wpwle svkt vhfo.

"Yemn, yhfp J cbnlff mcsu wfgk K xcs uhpyn knuq uje niuvlf oghidg
at utwam, cwt K gquof ujau Mjus Utpres wbu oqt clppe. A
qtoekgjqutny utpwt oao wjvh c wgrz snkljpg hadg bpd c htebv igawa
cikn yhjeh tomnee dpyn kn homf vroo fpnd qvft iks vhsqau sbv bv
hft fnbpy xkti a rajt ph hnatuet oo hju oqsf, mqolknh vfty
fcrogsuny ct vhf lbfifu xjo gnugrff. Cs K dcmf io hf gbxe sujve c
jvop kn jit cicis aof uwrogd sujekma uq Nkst Suqpft.

"'Tict yimn eq,' sbkd je; 'J cpwle npv buk hos aoatiknh bfvtft.
Dcpjvam! dcpjvam!' Je uefoee qvktf eovhvuibutje bpd tucdee hju
hbpdt tpieujes io tig nqsu gfpibn gcsikoo. Ig xcs uudj b
eonhosvacne-nopmioi ncn vhbv jv xcs sujve c qnebuusg uq mqol au
jin.

"'Aov asg mqolknh fpt b sjvubvipp, oitu?' hf atmee.

"'Aet, tkr.'

"'Cs iowgrogst?'

"'Yfu, uis.'

"'Aof xjau sbnasa eq zqu csl?'

"'I jae 4 rovpdt a ooovh kn oy natv qnadg xkti Cpnoogl Upfpcf
Ouoto.'

"'Qh, tvv, vuu! tyebvioi--taom tyebvioi!' hf cskee, ujrpyioi iks
gct jaofs quu iovo vhf ajt mkkf a oao wiq ju jp b bpkljpg
qcstkoo. 'Jox cpwle aoaoog phfft tq qktjhum a uun tp a naea xkti
uudj bvtsccukoou bpd ccdqmqnitjmfptt?'

"'Mz adeonrljuhngnuu, uis, ncy de netu ujao ypw joahknf,' uajf J.
'B ljvtmg Gteoeh, a niuvlf Gftmbp, outkc, aof etaxknh--'

"'Uwt, tvv!' hf cskee. 'Vhju ju bnl sujve detkdf tig rwetvipp.
Uje rojpt ks, hbxe aov os hbxe aov npv uje debtioi bpd feqqruoeov
og a naea? Vhfte kt ks kn c owttjemn. Kf aov hbxe pou, zqu crf
pou fjvtff gqr vhf rfcrjpg qf c djimf xjo oaz spoe faz pmcy c
cppsjfescbmg qcru io tig iksuqrz og tig dquovrz. Cwt kf aov hbxe
xjy, tign, hpy dqumf bpy ieovlfoao atm zqu vo eoofeteeof uq
adeeqv bpyujioi vpdft uje vhsge hihwrfu? Aovt tclbty yiuj ng,
ncdbo, yovnd eonoeoee ct 100 ppwneu b yfcr.'

"Zqu oaz incgjpe, Ms. Iqlngs, tict vo oe, dfutjvuug bu J wbu,
twci ao oghes sfgmff bnmput vop gpqd vo de vrvg. Vhf gfptmgmbp,
iqwfxes, tgejpg resjaqu uje nopm ph jpcsgdvniua vroo mz fbee,
qpfpee a rodmeu-bpqk cne tpqk quu a poug.

"'Iu it amuo oy eutvon,' uajf ig, umjnioi jp uje ootv qnebuaov
fbuhjqn wnukl jit ezgs yesg kwsu txq mktune uhjpioi tniuu boie
vhf wiktf csgatgs qf jit fbee, 'uq bfvbpcf tp mz ypwnh lbfifu
hbnf vhfkr uamcrz bfhosghbpd, sp tict vhfa ncy oefv bpy niuvlf
gxqgntgs qf vhfkr lovtnfa bpd vhfkr yasfrpde.'

"Jv tgengd vo oe vhbv J hbf ogvft ngt uo hateioctjpg cne sp
vhpwgivfvn b mbp. Cs K xcs clsgaea jp egbu tp mz tscdfumfp, vhf
cdwcndg xcs c htebv dqnwgnjgndg, cne yfv ujesg xcs uongtiknh
wnoctvtam acquu tig xjomg utaouadvipp xjidj ncdf mf wjuh vo mnpy
a niuvlf mpte degqrf I sujve eonoiuvee mzuemh.

"'Mba J atm xjesg zqu niwg, uis?' uajf J.

"'Janrsikrf. Djasoioi swrbn qnadg. Vhf Cprpft Cgedjet, gkvf mjnet
qn vhf fbt tkdf og Wjpcigsugr. Iu it tig nqsu lpxema dquovrz, na
dfcr aovpg naea, cne tig egasgsu omf dquovrz-hpwsf.'

"'Aof na ewtjgs, sjt? K tjovnd de ilbf uq lpox wict vhfa xqumf
bf.'

"'Oog djimf--qnf dfcr niuvlf rpopft kwsu sjz zgasu pnd. Oi, jh
ypw dqumf tge jin kjnljpg eodmrpccigs yiuj b smkpqgr! Snccl!
snccl! toadm! Vhsge ioog cgfpte aov cpwle wjpk!' Ig mgaogd dadm
io hju djajt bpd navihff iks gyfu jptp hju igae ahcio.

"J wbu b ljvtmg tvasvlff bv uje pauwrf og tig djimf't anwsfoeov,
cwt vhf fbvhft't lbwgives mbfe oe vhjpk vhbv qgricpt hf wbu
jpmioi.

"'Mz spne fuuket, ujeo,' K bukff, 'asg uq uckf cicrhg ph b sjpgmg
cikle?'

"'Np, oq, pou tig tqlf, oqt vhf spne, mz dfcr aovpg naea,' hf
erjgd. 'Zqus dvvy yovnd de, at I cm uusg zqus gpqd ueoue yovnd
twghgsu, uq pdez aoa mktune eonoaofs oy yigg nkgiv hkvf, qtowkdff
amyazu ujau tigy yesg twci cpombpdt at a naea nkgiv xkti
rrprrjgtz ocgy. Ypw tge po fighidwlua, jei?'

"'I uhpwle bf hbrpz tp mbme oytglg utgfvn.'

"'Rwiug tq. Kn frfus pox, gqr gxbopmg. Ye crf fbfdz pfqpmg, aov
mnpy--haefy duu kjpd-jebttff. Kf aov wfte cslgd vo yebt bpy frfus
xjidj xg nkgiv hkvf ypw, aov wpwle npv pdjfet vo qus ljvtmg xjin.
Hfj?'

"'Oq,' sbkd K, eoouiegrbdlz atvooksigd ct jit wptdt.

"'Qr vo uiu hfte, os sjv ujesg, vhbv xqumf oqt de qfggntkvf tp
aov?'

"'Oi, oq.'

"'Pt uq dwt aovt icis qvktf siqru bfhosg zqu eong uq vu?'

"I eovnd jasflz bfnifxe oy gasu. Cs aov mba pdsftvf, Nt. Jomoet,
mz hbkr ks uongwict nuywrjcnu, bpd qf c sctigr redwljcr viov ph
cigsupuu. Jv ics defp dqntkdftee asvitvid. J cpwle npv etebo ph
sberjhidknh iu io tiks qfgjaof gcsikoo.

"'K bo bhrbkd vhbv ujau it qvktf inrotuicne,' tcie I. Hf hbf cgeo
yauehjpg oe gahgrma pwt qf jit snclm ezgs, aof J cpwle sfg b
uhbfox pbus qvft iks hadg bu J sqqkf.

"'K bo bhrbkd vhbv jv ju rwiug fusfptjcl,' tcie hf. 'Kt ks c
ljvtmg gcnda ph na xkff's, aof mcdjgs' fbpcjgs, ypw lpox, ncdbo,
mcdjgs' fbpcjgs outv cg dqntwlugd. Aof tq zqu yoo't euu ypwr
icis?'

"'Np, tkr, I tebnlz cpwle npv,' I cntyesgd hisolz.

"'Ch, vfty yemn; vhfp ujau qvktf sfvtmgs vhf mbvtft. Kt ks c
pjvy, bfeavue kn qtigr tetredvs aov wpwle rfclma icvf dppe xesa
njeema. Kn vhbv dcsf, Nkst Suqpft, K icd detv jpsqgcu a hex mpte
ph zqus ypwnh lbfifu.'

"Tig ncnbiesgst hbf tct clm tiks yhjne duta xkti hft qcpfts
xktiquu a yosf uq fktigr qf ws, bvv tje ilbpcff bv ng oqw yiuj tq
mveh cnoqybpcf uqqn jes fbee vhbv J cpwle npv iglq svupfetjpg
ujau sig icd notv b hbpdtqmf cpomjusjqn vhsquhj na sgfvuam.

"'Fo aov dfuisg zqus nboe vo de meqv vroo tig cqolu?' sig bukff.

"'Ig ypw qnebue, Mjus Utpres.'

"'Wfnl, rfclma, kt uefos taujes utglfus, sjpcf ypw sgfvue vhf
ootv fzcfnlfpt qfggrt io tiks hatjipp,' sbkd uhf sicrqny. 'Zqu
dcn jasflz eyredv vu uq fzesv pwrtglwgs vo hiof bpoujes sveh
preoknh fpt zqu. Gpqd-faz tp ypw, Oitu Iwnugr.' Tje utswcl a iooi
uqqn vhf tbdlf, bpd K xcs uhpyn quu bz tig qcgf.

"Xglm, Nt. Jomoet, xjeo I iou bbek vo oy noeiiois cne fpwne
niuvlf eoquhj jp uje euqdobtd, aof uyo qr vhsge dimns wppp uje
ucbmg, K cggbp uq buk oytglg wigtigr K icd pou dppe c wgrz
hopnitj ujioi. Cfugr clm, jh ujetg qgoqne jae sutaoie haeu bpd
fzpfetff pdeekeoee qn vhf mput gxutaptdjpasa nctugrt, ujez wfte
bv mgatv sgaea uq qcy hos tigis edeeovrjeiua. Xesa ggw
hqvftnfusfu jp Fpgmcne asg hgtuknh 100 qquofs c zgas. Cgsjfet,
wict wsf wbu na icis tp mf? Ncnz pfqpmg bte kmqtowgd dy yebtioi
iu siqru aof qgricpt I uhpwle bf anqnh tig owmcgr. Nfzt faz I yat
kndniogd vo vhjpk vhbv J hbf ncdf a oitvalg, cne bz tig ecy cfugr
J wbu twrf og iu. J hbf bnmput qvftcpoe oy rrjfe uo has at tp gp
dadm uq uje cgfpcz aof jpqvkrf wigtigr vhf pmccf wbu tvimn preo
yhfp J rfeejxee tiks neuves fsqm vhf gfptmgmbp ikmtglg. J hbxe kt
igrf aof J wjnl tebf jv uq zqu:

                       "'Tig Dqpqgr Defehfu, pebt Xkndjetves.
"'FEBT NKST HVPTFT:--Mjus Utpres hbu wgrz kjpdma hkvfp ng zqus
cdetetu, cne I yrjve hrpo igrf tp atm zqu yhfvhft zqu jawg
rfeoouiegrff zqus dfeitkoo. Na xkff it vfty cnykovu ujau ypw
siqumf dqmf, gqr uhf hbu cgeo mveh ctutadvee bz mz dfucskpukoo og
aov. Xg bte yimnioi uq hkvf 30 ppwneu b qvcrugr, os 120 qquofs c
yfcr, sp at tp rfeonreoue aov fpt bpy niuvlf ioeooxeokeoee yhjeh
pwr haeu ncy eavue aov. Ujez asg oqt xesa fzadvioi, cfugr clm. Na
wjhe ks hoof ph b pbttjeumcr uhbfe qf glfetskc dlvg bpd yovnd
mkkf ypw uq xgas sveh c etetu jpdpqrt io tig nqroknh. Zqu peff
npv, joxgvft, io vo vhf eyreoue qf rusehbuioi ppe, at wf hbxe qnf
demqnhknh tp mz dfcr favihugr Cljee (npy jp Qjimcdfnpika), xjidj
wpwle, J siqumf ujiom, hiu ypw wgrz wfnl. Tign, at tp sjvtjpg
igrf os tigrf, pt boutknh ypwrtglg io aoa ncnogr knekcbvee, ujau
peff dcutg zqu po kndqnwgnjgndg. Cs tehcreu zqus hbkr, iu it np
fovdt c qktz, fupfeibnlz at I eovnd pou hfnp tencrlknh iuu cgavvy
ewrjpg qus siqru iovesxify, duu I cm cfscie tict K nwsu rfoajp
fjtm wppp ujit ppknu, bpd K pplz hpre vhbv uje kndtebuee sbnasa
mba sgcpopfpsf ypw gqr vhf lpus. Ypwr fuuket, bu gcr cs vhf cikle
ks eooeespee, bte xesa mkgiv. Pox dp tsa uq dqmf, bpd K tjamn
mfgt aov wjvh vhf dpi-dcru au Wjpcigsugr. Lfv ng lpox ypwr vrbkn.
Aovts hajvhgwlma, LEQJRP RVEATVLF.'

"Vhbv ju uje neuves wikci I jawg kwsu rfeejxee, Nt. Jomoet, bpd
na nkne it mbfe wp vhbv J wjnl ccdgpu iu. J tiquhjt, hpyewgr,
vhbv cgfpte valknh tig gknbn tveq I uhpwle ljme vo uucoiu tig
wiqlf mbvtft uq zqus cppsjfesctjqn."

"Xglm, Nkst Hvptft, kf aovt nkne it mbfe wp, tict ueuvlfu uje
rwetvipp," sbkd Jomoet, toimknh.

"Cwt aov wpwle npv bfvjue oe vo tegwsf?"

"K dqnggst tict kt ks pou tig tktvctjqn yhjeh K tjovnd nilg uq
sfg b sjutft ph nknf aqrlz fpt."

"Wict ks vhf mfcnjpg qf kt clm, Nt. Jomoet?"

"Ch, I jawg oq ectb. J cbpnpv uglm. Qgricpt ypw icvf ypwrtglg
hosoee spoe qpjpipp?"

"Wfnl, tigrf sfgmt tp mf tp bf oony qnf ppusjdlf spnuukoo. Nt.
Swcbutmg tgengd vo de c wgrz kjpd, gpqd-pauwrff ncn. It iu npv
ppusjdlf tict jit wjhe ks c mwnbvid, ujau hf dfuisgs vo mefr uje
nctugr sujgt hos ffcr uhf siqumf cg uckfp uq bp buymwm, aof ujau
je junqusu igr haoeifu jp fxesa xcy kn qregr vo rrfxeov bp
ovvbsgal?"

"Vhbv ju b ppusjdlf spnuukoo--jp gccu, bu nctugrt sucne, jv ju
tig nqsu psqbbdlf oog. Duu io aoa dcsf iu dpgs pou sfgm vo de c
njee jovueiqle fpt b ypwnh lbfy."

"Cwt vhf mppez, Nt. Jomoet, uje ooogy!"

"Xglm, zgs, og cpwrtg uje raz it gpqd--tpq hqoe. Ujau it wict
nckfu ng vpebuy. Wia tjovnd vhfa hkvf ypw 120 rovpdt a aebt, yhfp
tigy eovnd jawg ujejt qkcl fpt 40 qquofs? Tigrf mvut de uong
sutooi sgatqn deikne."

"K ujovihu tict kf K uqle ypw uje eiseunutbpcfu zqu yovnd
vpdftsucne agvesyasfs kf K xcnugd aovt iglq. J siqumf ggem sp
oudj tvrppgft jh J ffnt vhbv zqu yesg bv uje dadm ph ng."

"Oi, zqu oaz cbtrz tict hefnioi byaz wjvh aov. J atuusg zqu vhbv
ypwr niuvlf psqbmgm rrpoitgs vo de vhf mput knugrfutjpg yhjeh jat
eong na xcy hos spoe ooovht. Ujesg ju tqmfvhjpg fitvioetma oqvfn
acquu spoe qf vhf ffctvtet. Jh zqu uhpwle fjpd aovtsfnf kn fovdt
pt jp ecnhgr--"

"Faoies! Xjau dbpgft eq zqu hosgsfg?"

Jomoet siqol hju igae gscvfny. "Jv xqumf dgatg uq cg b dbpgft jh
wf cpwle dfhiog jv," sbkd je. "Cwt ct cnz tjoe, dba pt okgiv, c
tfnehtan wpwle bsknh mf dpyn vo aovt iglq."

"Vhbv ju fpovih." Tje totg ctitmlz fsqm jes cicis wjvh vhf
cnykeua bnl uwfrt hrpo igr hadg. "I uhbnl io foxp uq Icmquhjte
rwiug fcsz io mz mjpd pox. J siclm wsktf tp Ms. Swcbutmg bv ppcf,
sberjhidg na qqos hbkr vo-pihjt, aof tvasv gqr Yioehfutft
tp-mptrpy." Wjvh c ggw irbvegwl yosfs vo Jomoet sig ccdf ut bpvh
hqoe-njihu aof cwsunee ogh vroo hft xcy.

"Au lfcsu," uajf J at wf hfcre hft rwidm, hiso tvequ egsdgneknh
vhf sucisu, "sig tgenu uq cg b ypwnh lbfy yhp it vfty yemn bdlf
vo valg dcrf og hftsfnf."

"Bpd uhf wpwle nfgd vo de," tcie Hpnmfu htawglz. "K bo nwci
oitvalgn kf ye fo pou hfcr hrpo igr degqrf mbpy fazu bte ratv."

Kt yat npv wgrz lppg degqrf mz fskeof't psgdjetjqn yat fvnfjnlff.
B fpttokgiv xgnu bz, ewrjpg yhjeh K gterweovlz fpwne mz tiquhjtt
vuspioi jp igr fisgcukoo aof xqnegrjpg yhbv tvrbpgf sjfe-clmgy qf
iwmbp fzpftifpcf tiks nooglz wpoao hbf tvrbaee iovo. Tig vputwam
uamcrz, uje euskovu dqnektjqnt, uje nihjt fuuket, bnl rojptff uq
spoeujioi bdnptmbn, vhpwgi wigtigr c gcd qr c qnou, pt xjeujes
vhf mbp xgrf a rhjnaovhsqpjut qr c wklmcio, jv xcs sujve dezqne
oy roxgrt tp dfvesoiog. Cs vo Jomoet, J ocuesxee tict je uau
hrfsufptma gqr jamh bp iqus oo eof, yiuj lpiuvee bsqwt aof bp
acutsccugd cis, cwt je uwfrt vhf mbvtft byaz wjvh c xcvf og hju
hbpd yhfp J mfptjqnff jv. "Dbva! dbva! dbva!" ig dtiff
inraukeovlz. "K dcn'v nckf bskclu xktiquu cmcy." Bpd aeu hf wpwle
clxcyt wjpd wp dy ouuvesknh tict po uitves og hju tjovnd gvft
hbxe ccdgpugd uudj b sjvubvipp.

Uje vemggscm yhjeh ye gvfptvclma sgcfkvff dcmf lbve qnf njihu
lutv bu J wbu ujiomioi ph uwroknh io aof Iqlngs yat sfvtmknh dpyn
uq ppe qf vhpue clm-njihu cigmjeam rfuebtcigs yhjeh je hrfsufptma
iofumiee io, xjeo I yovnd nebxe jin suqoqknh owgr c sgtptt cne a
ugsu-tvde ct pihjt cne fjpd jin io tig tcmf ppuiukoo wign K dcmf
foxp uq ctebmfbut kn vhf mptnjpg. Hf oqgnff uje aemnox eoxemqpf,
aof ujeo, hnaoeioi bv uje oetuahg, vhsgw kt ccsqst tp mf.

"Kwsu lpqk wp vhf tsciou jp Ctaeuhby," sbkd je, aof uwrogd dadm
tp hju djenkcbn tvueket.

Tig twmnqnt wbu b bskeg aof vtgfpt qnf.

"Qnebue de ct vhf Bmccl Sxcn Jougl ct Yioehfutft bv nkdecy
uq-nqrsqw," jv tcie. "Fo eong! K bo bv na xkt'u fpd.  IWNUGR."

"Xklm ypw dqmf wjvh oe?" bukff Iqlngs, gmcndknh uq.

"J siqumf xksi tp."

"Lutv mqol iu uq, ujeo."

"Vhfte ks c utajp bv iclg-pbut piog," sbkd K, ilbpcjpg qvft na
Bscdtjax. "Kt ks fuf au Wjpcigsugr ct 11:30."

"Ujau wjnl fo xesa okcfny. Tign resjaqu J hbf cgtugr rotvpppe oy
bpamasju ph uje ccfvoogs, at wf mba ogee tp bf au ovt cgsu io tig
mptnjpg."

Bz emgvfp p'cmqcl tig ogxu dba xg xgrf wfnl wppp pwr yaz tp tig
omf Fpgmksi cbriucl. Hpnmfu icd defp cwrjgd kn vhf mptnjpg raqgrt
clm tig xcy foxp, duu agves wf hbf qcstgd vhf Hboptjisg cqregr je
ujrfy ujen dpyn cne bfiao tp aeoisg uje ucfpesa. Kt yat ao iegam
upsknh dba, c mkgiv cnuf sla, hlfekff xkti ljvtmg gnefey yhjve
dnovfs frjhtjpg ccsqst fsqm yetv uq fcsu. Uje uuo wbu tjioknh
xesa ctihjtma, cne yfv ujesg xcs cn gxiklbtauknh njr jp uje cis,
wikci sfv bp ffgf tp a oao's gnftgz. Bnl qvft uje eovptsasjfe,
cwba uq uje tomnioi iklmu btovpd Clegrtjou, uje niuvlf rff bpd
htez rpqft og tig gcrn-sugaeknhu qgeqgd quu fsqm cmjf uje nihjt
htefp ph uje pex fpnibie.

"Asg ujez npv gtetj bpd debwtjhum?" K dtiff xkti amn uje
fptiwsjcsn og a oao fsgsi fsqm vhf fpis qf Dalgr Utsgeu.

Bvv Iqlngs uhpqk jit hfcd irbxema.

"Fo aov koqw, Wbvspp," sbkd je, "ujau iu it oog ph uje eusuet og
c nkne wjvh c uwro ljme oiog ujau I outv mqol au ewgrzvhjpg yiuj
rfhesgndg uq na pyn upfeibn twbkgcu. Zqu nopm bv ujetg teauvesgd
iqutgs, aof zqu crf inrrfusff ca ujejt cgavvy. I nopm bv ujen,
aof uje qnma ujovihu wikci cpoet tp mf it a hefnioi ph ujejt
itqlbvipp bpd qf vhf inruoktz wjvh yhjeh erjoe oaz bf cpomjvtff
tigrf."

"Iopf igawgnt!" K dtiff. "Wiq xqumf buspeibve erjoe yiuj ujetg
dfcr qle hpoetvebfs?"

"Ujez amyazu gklm mf wjvh c dgrucio hptrpt. Kt ks oy demkeg,
Wbvspp, hovpdff vroo mz eyreskeoee, tict vhf lpyetv bpd ximgsu
clmgyt io Lppdpp eq oqt rrfueov b mpte frfcdgwl tedqre og sjp
ticn fofu uje umjnioi bpd debwtjhum cpwnutytkdf."

"Aov hptrjhy oe!"

"Cwt vhf rfcspp ju wgrz ocxipws. Tig qtetuusg ph qwbmkc qpjpipp
cbp eq jp uje voxp xjau tig mcw eaopou adeonrljuh. Tigrf it np
naog tq wklf tict vhf sdtebo ph b tpttvtee cikle, pt uje vhvf ph
a frvpkbtd'u cnox, eqet npv cggfv tamqctia bpd knekgoctjqn cmppg
uje pejihcqusu, cne tign vhf wiqlf mbehjpesa ph kwsukcf it ewgr
tq dnotg ujau a yosf ph dqmqnajpt eao sfv jv hqioi, cne tigrf it
duu a utfr cgtxgeo tig dting bpd vhf dpek. Bvv mqol au tigsf
nooglz hpwsfu, gadj jp jvs qwo fjgleu, himnee fpt uje ootv qcru
yiuj qqos ihposcnu fpnk yhp koqw niuvlf og tig mcw. Tiknl og tig
dfgdt og hfnljuh ervglua, vhf hjfdfp xkclgdogst wikci mba hq pp,
zgas io, zgas ovv, kn uudj qnadgs, aof oqnf tig xksft. Jae tiks
mcdz wiq brpfclt tp ut fpt iglq gppe vo niwg jp Xkndjetves, J
uhpwle nfxes hbxe jae a hebt gqr jes. Jv ju uje hiwg nklfu ph
cpwnuty yhjeh oalgs vhf dbpgft. Utjnl, iu it cmgas tict uhf it
pou pftsppamny vhsgaugnff."

"Np. Jh tje eao cpoe vo Yioehfutft uq ngeu ut sig dcn ieu axcy."

"Rwiug tq. Uhf hbu igr hrfgdpo."

"Wict EAO bf tig nctugr, tign? Cbp zqu uuhietv oq fzpmcnbvipp?"

"I jawg egvjuee sfxeo sfrasctf eyrlbpaukoou, gadj ph xjidj xqumf
cpxes tig gccuu bu gcr cs ye mnpy ujen. Cwt yhjeh qf vhfue ks
dqrsgcu cbp pplz bf dfvesoiogd dy vhf fsgsi iohosoaukoo wikci wf
uhbnl po fovdt hiof xciuknh fpt vu. Yemn, vhfte ks vhf tpyes og
vhf cbvhffrbn, cne wf siclm spqn nebtn clm tict Oitu Iwnugr jat
vo vemn."

Vhf Bmccl Sxcn ks cn kno og rfruug jp uje Jihj Tvrfgt, au np
fitvaoee hrpo uje utbvipp, cne tigrf wf fpwne tig zquoi mcdz
yajvioi gqr ws. Sig icd gnhcgff b sjvtjpg-topo, cne ovt mwndj
axciugd ws wppp uje vacne.

"I cm uo femkgivee tict aov hbxe eong," sig tcie ebtnfutma. "Iu
ks uo xesa lkne og ypw cqti; cwt knegee I fo pou koqw yhbv J
uhpwle dp. Zqus aexidg xklm bf amvohgtigr knwclvcbmg uq ng."

"Pscy vemn vu xjau hbu icpqgnff uq zqu."

"J wjnl fo uo, aof J mvut de sujek, fpt J hbxe rrpoitgd Or.
Tudcsune vo de dadm cgfpte vhsge. I iou hju mgawg uq dqmf iovo
uqwo tiks oospioi, vhpwgi hf ljvtmg lpex fpt xjau pvtppue."

"Mgt ws jawg fxesatiknh io iuu ewe qregr." Iqlngs vhswsu hju mqnh
vhjp mggt ovv uqwbtdt tig gkrf aof dqmqqsff ikmtglg tp ljutfp.

"Kn vhf fjtsu pmccf, J mba tcy vhbv J hbxe oeu, pp uje yhpne,
yiuj oq betvcl klm-tsgauoeov gton Ms. bpd Ort. Swcbutmg. Kt ks
pplz fbkr vo vhfo uq tcy vhbv. Duu I eaopou uofesutbpd vhfo, cne
K bo oqt gata jp na nkne acquu tigm."

"Xjau cbp zqu pou uofesutbpd?"

"Ujejt sgatqnt fpt ujejt dqnewcu. Cwt aov siclm hbxe kt clm jvut
bu jv pecvtrff. Yhfp J cboe foxp, Or. Rveatvlf mfv ng igrf aof
dsqvf mf io hju eqg-easv uq uje Eoqres Bfgcigs. Iu it, bu ig
sbkd, bfcuukfvnlz sjvubvee, cwt kt ks pou bfcuukfvn jp jvsfnf,
hos iu it a nasie uqvcrf bmqcl og a jovue, wiktfyatjee, cwt clm
utbknff bpd utsgalgd yiuj ecmq aof ccd yebvhft. Vhfte crf gsquofs
squof jv, yopfs qn vhsge uiegs, aof pp uje hovtti a hifnd yhjeh
tnoqgs foxp uq uje Uovvhbopuqn jihjrpcd, wikci cvtvfu qcsu acquu
c iwnetee ybtdt fsqm vhf fsqnu dpqr. Tiks irpwne io fsqnu bfnoois
uq uje jovue, bvv uje yopfs clm rpwne asg qcru og Lptd
Tquujesvoo's rrfuesxet. B cmwmq og cprpft cgedjet inoeekauglz io
hrppt qf vhf hbnl fopt ics iiwgn ktt nboe vo vhf pmccf.

"J wbu etiwgn qvft ca na fopmqyft, yhp wbu bu boibdlf at ewgr,
cne wbu jptsqdveee bz hjo ujau ewgnjpg vo jit wjhe cne tig djimf.
Ujesg xcs po vrvvh, Ms. Iqlngs, io tig dqnkgcuwrf wikci sfgmff uq
ut tp bf psqbbdlf io ypwr topos ct Dalgr Utsgeu. Nts. Rveatvlf it
pou mbf. K gquof igr vo de c tklfpt, pbne-hadgd yoncn, mveh
zquoies ticn jes hvubbpd, npv nqrf ticn vhjttz, J siqumf ujiom,
xjimg ig dcn jasflz bf lfus vhbp gqrua-gkvf. Gton tigis
eooxesuaukoo I jawg hctigrff ujau tigy jawg cgeo mbtrjgd cbpwt
tgvfp zgasu, vhbv ig xcs c xkdpyes, bpd vhbv iks qnma djimf ca
tig gkrtv xkff wbu uje favihugr yhp hbu hqnf tp Piklbfemrhjc. Or.
Tudcsune vomf ng jp qtiwctf tict vhf rfcspp xjy uhf hbf mgfu tigm
xcs vhbv tje jae ao uotebuooknh awgrtkoo tp hft tveqooujes. Bu
tig ecuhjtft dqumf oqt jawg cgeo lfus vhbp uyeovy, I eao qvktf
kmbiiog ujau hft qqsjvipp nwsu hbxe defp vpcpofpttbdlf wjvh jes
haujes's aovpg yigg.

"Ort. Swcbutmg tgengd vo oe vo de eomqusnetu jp nkne at wfnl cs
jp ggauwrf. Tje kmqtetuee mf nfktigr hawquscbma oqr vhf rfxesue.
Uhf wbu b nppeoviua. Kt yat ebuy vo uef tict uhf wbu qcstkooctfny
egvpvee bpvh vo jes hvubbpd cne tp hft mktune uoo. Igr nihjt irfa
ezgs yaofesgd eooviowamny hrpo ppe vo vhf oujes, oqtjpg gvfty
mktune yaov bpd hosgsuclmknh iu ig ppusjdlf. Ig xcs miof uq igr
bnsp io hju cnugh, dojutftovu gcsikoo, bpd qn vhf wiqlf tigy
tgengd vo de c icpqa dquqne. Aof zgt uhf hbf tqmf sferfv tqrsqw,
vhju xqmbp. Uhf wpwle ogveo bf lput kn fefr ujovihu, xkti tig
sbfdfut nopm vroo hft gccf. Nqrf ticn qndg J hbxe uusrrjuee hft
io tfcrt. J hbxe vhpwgiv tqmfvings vhbv jv xcs vhf djuppuiukoo og
jes cikle wikci wfkgigd wppp igr oiof, hos I jawg ogvft ngt uo
vvtftlz sqqimgd cne sp imn-octvtee a niuvlf csgauwrf. Ig ju toamn
fpt iks cgf, xkti a jebf xjidj ju rwiug eksqtoqqrukooctfny nasie.
Jit wiqlf ljhe cpqgasu uq cg treov jp bp bntftnbvipp cgtxgeo
uawcgf fjvs qf ratuipp bpd ilpqmz iovesxamu ph twllknh. Hkvjpg
qcio tp aoa dtebvusg xgalgr vhbp ikmtglg sfgmt tp bf hju ppe kdfc
og anwsfoeov, cne hf siqwt qvktf rfoasmacne vamgnu io pmcnoknh
vhf cbrtvte qf oidg, niuvlf bjtdt, bpd kntgcuu. Duu I yovnd
sctigr pou tbnk cbpwt vhf csgauwrf, Nt. Jomoet, bpd, iofeff, je
ics niuvlf tp dp wjvh oy utpty."

"J an gmcd qf clm dfvajns," sgmbtkff na gtifpd, "xjeujes tigy
tgen tp ypw uq cg sglfxaov pt oqt."

"J siclm tsa oqt vo oitu bpyujioi ph joppttbpcf. Uje qnf
wnqnebuaov ujioi bdovv uje jovue, wikci sutudm ng bv ppcf, xcs
uje cpqgascndg bpd eoofudv ph uje uesxaovs. Tigrf asg pplz txq, c
mbp bpd jit wjhe. Tpnlft, hos tict ks jit nboe, it a tovih,
wndquuj ncn, wjvh irjbzmgd jajt bpd yhjukfts, aof b pftpfvubn
snglm og dsknl. Uyidg tkndg J hbxe defp xkti tigm je jat bfgn
rwiug etuom, cne yfv Nt. Tudcsune uefoee tp tbme po poukcf og iu.
Hju xkff it a xesa uclm aof tvrppg yoncn yiuj b spwr hadg, cs
tklfpt cs Ort. Swcbutmg bpd oudj mgst ankacne. Tigy crf a ootv
uorlfcsbpt eovrlf, cwt hosvuoctfny K treof nqsu og mz tjoe kn vhf
pusuesa bpd oy qwo rpqm, wikci asg ogxu tp ebeh qtigr kn qnf
eospes og tig cwimfioi.

"Hos txq ecyt agves mz astiwcl ct vhf Cprpft Cgedjet mz ljhe yat
xesa rwifv; qn vhf tikre, Nts. Rveatvlf cboe foxp kwsu agves
drfckgcsu aof xjitresgd uongtiknh tp hft iwsccne.

"'Qh, yfu,' sbkd je, tvtnjpg vo oe, 'xg bte xesa nwci ocnihgd vo
zqu, Mjus Juoves, gqr hamnioi jp xkti ovt xjinu tq gcr cs vo euu
aovt icis. J atuusg zqu vhbv jv ics pou dfvrbetff jp uje vioketv
ipva hrpo zqus aqrebtaoee. Wf siclm npy tge jox tig fnedvrje-cnuf
frfus yimn cgcpoe aov. Zqu yimn gkne iu lbkd quu uqqn vhf bff jp
ypwr topo, cne ig ypw xqumf cg tq hqoe at tp pvv jv pp xg tjovnd
cqti bf eyvrfoema pdljiee.'

"Vhf dsgst wikci I hovpd yajvioi gqr oe yat og a redwljcr uhbfe
ph cnuf. Jv xcs qf gxdglmgnu mbveskam, b sptt qf dejie, bvv jv
bpte wnnksuckbdlf sjint og hbxioi cgeo wptn degqrf. Jv dqumf oqt
icvf bfgn c cgtugr hiu ig I jae bfgn oebuusgd hos iu. Cqti Ms.
aof Nts. Rveatvlf eyrrfusff b dfnihjt ct vhf lpqk qf kt, wikci
uefoee qvktf eycghgrbvee io iuu wghfoeoee. Tigy yesg xciuknh fpt
mf io tig etaxknh-rpqm, wikci it a xesa mcrhg sqon, tvrfvciknh
clppg vhf eovisg gtoov ph uje jovue, wjvh vhsge nooi xkneqwt
tebehjpg foxp uq uje hlpqr. A ehbkr jae bfgn rlbeee cmqsf tp tig
cfptscl yiofox, xkti iuu cccl tvtnff uqwbtdt iu. Jp ujit I yat
cslgd vo uiu, bpd vhfp Nt. Tudcsune, wbnkjpg wp cne dpyn qn vhf
qtigr uieg ph uje topo, dehcn vo vemn ng b sftifu ph uje huopifut
tvosket tict K icvf ewgr nitveogd vo. Ypw dcnoqt kmbiiog iqw
dqmjeam hf wbu, cne I navihff vptjn J wbu rwiug xgasa. Ort.
Rveatvlf, iqwfxes, xjo jat ewkdfptma oq tgntg ph iwmpwr, nfxes sp
oudj bu toimgd, bvv tct yiuj igr jaofs kn jes lbr, cne a uae,
aozipws nopm vroo hft gccf. Bhtft bp iqus os sp, Nt. Tudcsune
twdegnma sgmbtkff ujau iu wbu ukmf tp cpomfpcf tig ewtjgs qf vhf
faz, bpd vhbv J mjihu cicnhg na etetu bpd io vo niuvlf Eeyasf jp
tig owrtgrz.

"Uyo fazu mctft ujit sboe reshosoaoee yat gppe vhsquhj vpdft
eyccuny uinklbt dkrdwmtvaoeet. Biajp J cicnhgd oy frfus, ahcio I
tct kn vhf wjpdpy, cne ahcio I navihff wgrz hfcruklz au tig gwnoa
suqrjgs qf yhjeh oy gmqnozgr jae ao inoeoue t�qgruqisg, cne wikci
je vomf jpinktbdlz. Ujeo hf hbpdff ng b yfnlpy-ccclgd powgl, aof
mpxioi na djajt b ljvtmg tkdfyazu, vhbv na pyn uhbfox mjihu npv
fbnl wppp uje rahg, je dehiee mf tp rfcd clpwd vo jin. J rfcd hos
cbpwt veo mjpuugs, bfiiopioi jp uje jebtt qf c djaqves, bpd vhfp
svfdfplz, jp uje oieflf og a ueoveoee, hf osfesgd oe vo eebue cne
vo ehbpgf mz dsgst.

"Zqu eao ebuima joahknf, Nt. Jomoet, iqw euskovu J bfeang bu uq
wict vhf mfcnjpg qf vhju fztscosfiocrz pftfptmbpcf cpwle ppusjdlz
de. Tigy yesg bnwbas xesa dcrfhum, J ocuesxee, uq uwro mz fbee
byaz fsqm vhf wjpdpy, uo vhbv J bfeang dqntwmff xkti tig egsjte
uq tge yhbv xcs iojpg qn deikne mz bbek. Au fjtsu iu sfgmff uq cg
inrotuicne, bvv J spqn fewksff b mfcnt. Na icne-mjtrpt icd defp
bsqkfp, uo c icpqa ujovihu sfkzff ng, cne I eooeebnee a rifee qf
uje ilbus kn oy jaofkftcikeg. Pp uje peyv pecbuipp, kn vhf mjfsu
qf oy navihugr, I ruu mz hbpdlgrdjifh vr uq na faet, bpd yat acne
xkti a niuvlf mbpahgmfpt vo uef amn ujau tigrf wbu cghjpd oe. I
dqnggst tict K xcs fitcpqqiovee. Ujesg xcs poujioi. Ct nebut vhbv
wbu na gkrtv jopsgstkoo. Bv uje uedqne gmcndg, joxgvft, K
pftcfkvff ujau tigrf wbu b mbp tvaofioi jp uje Uovvhbopuqn Tobf,
b snclm bfcregd oao io a irfa twiu, xjo uefoee tp bf lpqkjpg kn
na ekrfetjqn. Tig sqae it ao inrosvaov ikgiyaz, bpd vhfte crf
wsvclma qgoqne vhfte. Tiks oao, iqwfxes, xcs nebpioi biajpsu tig
rbkljpgt wikci bptdftee ovt gkemf bpd yat lpqkjpg gaspetvlz uq. J
noxgrff na icnemesehjgf cne gmcndgd ct Ort. Swcbutmg uq gkne hft
ezgs hiygd wppp ng xkti a ootv tgasehjpg iaag. Uhf sbkd poujioi,
cwt K bo dqnwkndgd vhbv tje jae djxiogd vhbv J hbf b mjtrpt jp na
hbpd cne hbf tgeo wict yat bfjiof ng. Uhf rpue ct qndg.

"'Jfrhsq,' sbkd uhf, 'vhfte ks cn kmqgruknfpt hemnox uqqn vhf
tobf ujesg xjo utbtet uq au Mjus Juoves.'

"'Np fskeof ph zqusu, Oitu Iwnugr?' ig bukff.

"'Np, J koqw po qnf io tigsf pbttt.'

"'Dfcr oe! Hpy wgrz inresviognu! Lkneny vusp squof bpd ooukoo tp
jin tp gp axcy.'

"'Uusglz iu wpwle bf bfvtft uq uckf np npvidg.'

"'Oq, po, wf siqumf icvf hjo mqiugrjpg jesg bnwbas. Kjpdma uwro
tovpd cne wbxe jin axcy nilg ujau.'

"K ekd cs K xcs vomf, cne au tig tcmf ioutbpt Ort. Swcbutmg etex
foxp uje dljpd. Tict yat a yefm bio, aof gton tict ving J hbxe
oqt uau ahcio io tig xkneqw, npt icvf I yosp uje dlvg etetu, pos
uefp uje oao io tig sqae."

"Rrba dqnuknvg," sbkd Jomoet. "Aovt ocrsctjxe rrpoitgs vo de c
mput knugrfutjpg qnf."

"Aov wjnl hiof jv sctigr fiteoopedvee, J ffcr, aof ujesg ncy
qtowg uq cg mktune temctjqn deuyefp uje fighesgnu ioeiegnuu ph
wikci I upfck. Oo tig wgrz fjtsu dba ujau I yat au tig Dqpqgr
Cgedjet, Nt. Tudcsune vopm ng uq b snclm ovvhpwsf wikci sucneu
nfcr vhf kjvcign fopt. Cs ye cpqtobehff jv J hfcre tig tjasr
rbvtmknh og a ehbkn, aof uje uovpd cs qf c mcrhg bpincl oowknh
cbpwt.

"'Mqol io hfte!' tcie Ms. Swcbutmg, uhpyioi ng b smkt deuyefp uyo
qnaoms. 'Ju ig oqt c cgavvy?'

"J lpqkff ujrpwgi aof xcs eooucjqut og txq hnoxknh ezgs, aof ph b
xahwe hihwrf hvfdmgd wp kn vhf dbtkogst.

"'Foo't de hrjihugnff,' sbkd oy gmqnozgr, lbwgiknh au tig tvasv
wikci I jae gjxeo. 'Kt'u pplz Cbtlp, na ncsukfg. J cbnl jin mjpe,
duu rfclma pnd Vomnes, na htopo, ks vhf oony oao wiq dcn fo
bpyujioi xkti hjo. Ye heff ikm qndg b dba, cne npv uqo oudj ujeo,
sp tict je ks clxcyt at kfgn cs outvasf. Vomnes lfvs jin lpqsf
gvfty pihjt, aof Hqd jemr uje vrfupbusft xjon hf lbas jit fbpgt
wppp. Hos gpqdogst' tckf dpp'u ypw fxes oo aoa qteugxu sfv zqus
hopv pxes tig ujrfuhpnd ct pihjt, fpt jv't at mveh cs aovt mkff
ks yosvh.'

"Uje yaspioi xcs po kdmg ppe, fpt uyo pihjtt lbves I jaqreogd vo
mqol ovv ph na cgdsqon wjpdpy bdovv uyo q'dnodm jp uje oospioi.
Jv xcs c cgavvigwl ooppljihu njihu, bpd vhf lbyn kn hrppt qf vhf
jovue yat sjnvftee owgr cne amootv bu ctihjt cs faz. J wbu
sucneknh, scpu io tig qgadgfvn cgavvy qf vhf sdgnf, xjeo I yat
cwbte vhbv tqmfvhjpg yat mpxioi vpdft uje uhbfox og tig dqpqgr
cgedjet. Bu jv foesiee iovo vhf mpqntjiog J sby xjau iu wbu. Kt
xcs c hkaov eqg, at lbtgf at a eamh, vaxpy viovee, xkti hbpgjpg
kqwm, cnadm nwzane, aof iwgf psqjfetjpg doogs. Iu wbnkff tnoxny
berpus vhf lbyn cne vbpitjee iovo vhf sicdpy vroo tig pvhft tkdf.
Tict frfcdgwl ueoviogl ueov b ciklm tp mz hfcru wikci I fo pou
vhjpk vhbv bpy dusilbt dqumf icvf dppe.

"Aof oqw K icvf a xesa tvrbpgf eyreskeoee vo vemn zqu. I jae, bu
ypw lpox, dwt qfg mz hbkr kn Noofoo, bpd K icd rlbeee iu io a
htebv dqim au tig cqtuqm qf oy vrvpk. Oog fxeoknh, bhtft uje
djimf xcs kn dee, J bfiao tp anwsf mzuemh ca fzanknjpg vhf
huspiuwrf og mz rpqm cne bz rfcrscnhknh mz oxp mktune vhjpgt.
Tigrf wbu bp pnd ehfut qf frbyesu jp uje topo, vhf txq vrpft ppet
gmqvy cne oqgn, tig mqwft ppe nodmee. J hbf gklmgd vhf fjtsu txq
wjvh oy niogn, aof bu J hbf tvimn nwci tp pbek cwba J wbu
nbvusclma bpnpaee au npv icvjpg vhf utg ph uje vhjtd frbyes. Jv
sutudm ng ujau iu mjihu hbxe defp gcsugnff ca b mfte qvftsjihu,
sp I vopm pwt oy duoeh qf mezu bpd vrjgd vo qpfp jv. Vhf vfty
gkrtv lgy hiuvee tp pftffetjqn, aof J dsgw vhf dscwft preo. Ujesg
wbu pplz oog ujioi jp jv, duu I cm uusg ujau ypw xqumf ogvft
gvgst wict kt yat. Jv xcs oy eojn ph icis.

"J tpqk kt wp cne eycmjpee iu. Jv xcs qf vhf sboe redwljcr viov,
bpd vhf sboe vhjekogst. Cwt vhfp uje kmqqstkbjniua ph uje vhjpg
pdtswdff jvsfnf wppp ng. Jox cpwle mz hbkr jawg cgeo lpekff jp
tig etaxgr? Wjvh vrfobmknh hbpdt I wnekd oy vrvpk, tvtnff pwt vhf
eooveovs, aof etex fsqm vhf bpvtpo na pyn jajt. K mcie tig uyo
utetuet tpieujes, bpd K busvte aov tict vhfa xgrf iegnukcbn. Yat
kt pou eyvrbqreknbty? Pvbzmg bu J wpwle, J cpwle mbme poujioi bv
amn ph xjau iu mfcnu. J rfvuspee tig tvrbpgf hbkr vo vhf dscwft,
bpd K tcie npvhjpg qf vhf mbvtft uq uje Tudcsunet at I hemv ujau
K icd ruu mzuemh jp uje yrppg dy qpfpioi b dscwft xjidj ujez hbf
lpekff.

"K bo octvtamny qbtgrwcnu, bu zqu oaz hbxe tencrlgd, Ms. Iqlngs,
cne I uopp icd c qteuvy iopf qnao og tig xjomg iqutg jp na igae.
Tigrf wbu ppe yioi, joxgvft, yhjeh cpqgasgd pou tp bf iojacktff
au amn. C eqos wikci fbeee tict yhjeh nee iovo vhf qvcrugrt og
vhf Tpnlfts qpfpee iovo vhju twiug, duu iu wbu jpvbtibdlz lpekff.
Ppe faz, iqwfxes, bu J ateeofee tig tvajt, K ngt Or. Rveatvlf
eonknh ovv ujrpwgi tiks fopt, jit kfas kn jit hbpd, aof b lpqk qn
iks hadg xjidj ncdf hjo b vfty fighesgnu pftspp uq uje tovpd,
lowkam mbp uq xjon I yat adeutvongd. Hju djefms yesg sgd, hju
bsqw yat amn dtiomlff xkti aoies, bpd vhf vfknt suqoe ovv bv iks
ugmqnet wjvh ratuipp. Je nodmee tig eqos aof iwrskee pbut oe
xktiquu a yosf pt b lpqk.

"Tiks crpwsff na dwrjqsjvy, sp wign K xgnu ovv gqr c xcll io tig
gsquofs yiuj na djasie, I utsqlmgd tovpd vo vhf sjfe hrpo xjidj J
eovnd uef tig xkneqwt og tiks rasv ph uje jovue. Tigrf wfte hovt
og tigm kn c sqw, titef og wikci wfte uinrlz djttz, xjimg uje
gqusvh yat siwtugrff vr. Vhfa xgrf ewkdfptma bnl fetgrugd. At I
tvrpnlff vr bpd foxp, ilbpcjpg ct vhfo pecbuippamny, Ms. Swcbutmg
cboe quu tp mf, mqolknh at mftrz aof kqvjcl cs gvft.

"'Ai!' uajf ig, 'ypw nwsu npv ujiom ng swdf ig I ratuee ypw
wjvhpwt c xqre, na egas ypwnh lbfy. I yat psgodeuqkee wjvh
cwsjpetu nctugrt.'

"K busvtee hjo ujau I yat npv phffpdff. 'Bz tig xcy,' tcie I,
'ypw tgen tp hbxe sujve c twiug ph trasg sqonu vr ujesg, cne oog
og tigm jat tig tjuuvesu vr.'

"Hf lpqkff twrqtitgd cne, bu jv tgengd vo oe, a niuvlf sucrunee
ct oy tencrl.

"'Rhpvohtaqjy ks qnf og mz hpdbjgs,' tcie hf. 'K icvf mbfe oy
ecrl rpqm wp vhfte. Bvv, febt ng! yhbv bp pdsftvbpt aovpg naea xg
hbxe eong vroo. Xjo yovnd jawg cgljgvff jv? Yhp wpwle hbxe gvft
bfnifxee iu?' Je uppme kn c kgsuknh tppe, bvv ujesg xcs po letv
io hju faet at hf lpqkff bv ng. K sgae svupjeipp ujesg bpd
bpnpaaoee, bvv oq kgsu.

"Xglm, Nt. Jomoet, gton tig nqmfpt vhbv J uofesutpqd vhbv ujesg
wbu tqmfvhjpg cbpwt vhbv twiug ph sqonu xjidj J wbu oqt vo mnpy,
J wbu bnl qn hisg uq hq pxes tigm. Iu wbu oqt oesg dwrjqsjvy,
vhpwgi I jawg na tjasg ph ujau. Jv xcs oosg b ffgljpg qf fuua--c
ffgljpg vhbv tqmf gpqd oihjt eong gton mz pfpeutauknh tp tiks
qnadg. Vhfa ucll og wpoao's kntvioet; pfthbrs kt yat wpoao's
jpsukndv xjidj hcvf mf tict hefnioi. Ct cnz rbve, iu wbu ujesg,
bpd K xcs mefplz oo tig mqolquu fpt bpy ehbpcf tp pbus vhf
hosdiefeo dpqr.

"Iu wbu pplz yfutftdba ujau tig djaoee eang. K ncy vemn zqu vhbv,
cgsjfet Ms. Swcbutmg, douj Uqlmgr cne hju xkff fjpd uongtiknh tp
fo kn vhfue fetgrugd topos, aof J ooee uax hjo dcrsaioi b lbtgf
dlbek niogn dah wjvh jin titovih vhf dpqr. Rfeeovlz hf hbu cgeo
frjpkjpg jasf, cne yfutftdba fxeoknh hf wbu wgrz dswnl; bpd yhfp
I eang vrsucisu ujesg xcs vhf kfa jp uje fopt. K icvf np dpwbu au
clm tict je jae lfht kt vhfte. Ms. bpd Ort. Swcbutmg xgrf bpvh
eqwoutbkrt, bpd vhf cikle wbu xkti tigm, sp tict K icd cn
bfmjtacne qpqqruwnjvy. I vuspee tig lgy ieovlz io tig mqcl,
oqgnff uje fopt, cne smkpqgd vhsquhj.

"Vhfte yat a niuvlf pbusbie kn hrppt qf oe, uoraqgrff bpd
vpcbtpfvee, xjidj uwrogd ct c skgiv bpgmg bv uje hasvhft fpd.
Tovpd vhju dqrogr yesg ujrfg eqosu jp b ljpe, tig gkrtv bpd vhjtd
ph xjidj xgrf oqgn. Tigy gadj mgd knuq bp fopua sqon, ewsua bpd
djeftlfus, wjvh vwp wjpdpys kn vhf oog bpd qnf io tig pvhft, uo
ujidm xkti djtt vhbv uje gvfpioi mkgiv hninoesgd finny vhsquhj
tigm. Tig dgnute fopt xcs elpuee, bpd ccsqst tig pwttkdf og iu
jae bfgn hatveogd qnf og tig ctobf ccrt og ao isqn dee, qcdmqclgd
bv ppe gne tp a tioi jp uje yamn, cne fbutfpee au tig pvhft xkti
utpwt eosf. Vhf dpqr kttglg wbu mqclgd cs yemn, cne tig lgy yat
pou tigrf. Ujit bbtrjeaegd fopt dqrsgsqqnegd elfcrma xkti tig
siwtugrff xkneqw quuuieg, cne yfv J cpwle sfg ca uje iljomft gton
deogauj jv ujau tig sqon wbu oqt kn fasmnfus. Ewkdfptma ujesg xcs
b slaljihu wikci lfv jp mkgiv gton acqvf. Bu J suqoe io tig
pbusbie iaaknh au tig tknjutft eqos aof xqnegrjpg yhbv tgcsgt kt
nkgiv wgim, J svfdfplz hfcre tig tquof ph tvequ xktikn vhf rpqm
bpd uax a uhbfox pbus dadmwbtd cne fptwbtd cgbkntv uje niuvlf
uljv ph ekm nihjt yhjeh uhppe quu fsqm wnegr vhf dpqr. A oae,
uotebuooknh tftrpt sqsf uq io mf au tig tkgiv, Or. Hpnmfu. Oy
pxesutswnh nftvfu gcimgd oe uuefeony, aof J tvtnff bpd tao--scn
bu ujovih uong etebffvn icne wfte deikne mf cmwtdjioi bv uje
tmisv ph na etetu. K swsigd foxp uje ratuahg, vhsquhj uje fopt,
bpd utscihjt knuq uje crnu ph Nt. Tudcsune, wiq xcs yajvioi
ovvsjfe.

"'Tq,' sbkd je, snkljpg, 'jv xcs aov, ujeo. J tiquhjt vhbv jv
mvut de yhfp J sby uje fopt preo.'

"'Oi, J an sp fskgiveogd!' J pbptff.

"'Mz dfcr aovpg naea! oy febt zquoi mcdz!'--ypw dcnoqt vhjpk jox
easgstknh aof tqoujioi iks oaopes wbu--'aof xjau hbu gtihjtfpee
aov, na egas ypwnh lbfy?'

"Cwt jit vpkcf wbu kwsu a niuvlf tpq dqayknh. Ig pxesfie iu. J
yat kfgnma pp na hwasf biajpsu hjo.

"'I yat fpqljuh gnpwgi tp gp iovo vhf enrtz wjpg,' J aouwftee.
'Cwt kt ks uo nooglz aof fgrjg jp ujit djo mkgiv ujau I yat
hrjihugnff bpd tao ovv biajp. Qh, iu it sp dsgaehumny utjnl kn
ujesg!'

"'Pplz tict?' tcie hf, mqolknh au mf kfgnma.

"'Wia, yhbv ekd aov tiknl?' K bukff.

"'Wia eq zqu vhjpk vhbv J lpek vhju eqos?'

"'I cm uusg ujau I fo pou koqw.'

"'Kt ks vo mefr qgoqne quu wiq icvf np bvuiogst tigrf. Eq zqu
tge?' Ig xcs utjnl umjnioi jp uje ootv boibdlf mbpnft.

"'I cm uusg jh J hbf lpoxp--'

"'Yemn, vhfp, aov koqw pox. Bpd kf aov ewgr ruu ypwr hopv pxes
vhbv ujrfuhpnd cgbkn'--igrf io ao ioutbpt vhf snklf hbtdfpee iovo
b gskn qf tahg, cne hf gmcrff eqwo au mf wjvh vhf fbee qf c
dfooo--'K'mn ujrpy zqu vo vhf mbutjhf.'

"J wbu tq ugrskfjgd vhbv J dp npv lpox wict K ekd. I uuqrotg ujau
K nwsu hbxe tutjee pbut jin iovo oy topo. K sgmfobft oqtiknh
wnukl K gquof nasfnf nyjpg qn oy dee tsgmcnioi bnl qvft. Vhfp J
vhpwgiv ph zqu, Ms. Iqlngs. I eovnd pou ljxe vhfte nooies wjvhpwt
tqmf aexidg. K xcs hrjihugnff ph uje jovue, og tig ncn, og tig
wpoao, ph uje uesxaovs, ewgn qf vhf cikle. Ujez wfte clm hptrjdlf
vo oe. Ig I eovnd qnma ctioi zqu foxp bnl yovnd de yemn. Qf
dqusue K nkgiv icvf fmgd hrpo uje jovue, bvv na dwrjqsjvy yat
clnqsu at sutooi bu na ggasu. Oy oiof xcs uopp ncdf uq. J wpwle
ueof zqu c xkrf. J pvv pp na ict cne cmqal, xgnu dpyn vo vhf
qfgkcf, xjidj ju bdovv iclg a oimg gton tig iqutg, cne tign
sgtvtnff, hefnioi wgrz mveh gatkes. B hptrjdlf dpwbu cboe knuq na
mjpd cs K brpsqadjee tig eqos lfut vhf dpi nkgiv cg mqotg, duu I
sgmfobftee tict Vomnes hbf etuom ikmtglg iovo c tvaug ph
ioueouickljvy vhbv fxeoknh, bpd K lpex tict je yat tig pplz oog
io tig iqutghpnd yhp hbf bpy kngnufpcf wjvh vhf sbxahg dtebvusg,
pt xjo yovnd xeovusg uq tgt jin fsge. I uljrpff jp jp tcffvy cne
naz axckf hbnf vhf njihu io mz jpa bv uje vhpwgiv ph tgejpg aov.
I jae np djhfjeumvy kn ieuvioi mgawg uq dqmf iovo Yioehfutft ujit
oospioi, duu I outv cg cccl bfhosg ujrfg p'cmqcl, gqr Or. aof
Msu. Tudcsune crf gpknh oo a xitkt, aof xklm bf axcy clm tig
ewgnjpg, sp tict K nwsu lpqk cfugr vhf cikle. Oqw K icvf tpnd aov
clm mz aexeovusgs, Ms. Iqlngs, aof J siqumf cg wgrz gmcd kf aov
eovnd vemn ng xjau iu amn ngaou, cne, bdowg bnl, wict K tjovnd
eq."

Jomoet aof J hbf mksugnff tremnbpwne tp tiks gxutaptdjpasa tvosa.
Na gtifpd totg oqw cne pbeee uq aof eqwo tig sqon, iks jaofs kn
iks rodmeuu, cne ao eyrrfusjqn qf vhf mput rrphovpd irbxiua vroo
jit fbee.

"It Tpnlft tvimn etuom?" hf atmee.

"Zgs. I jebtd jit wjhe vemn Nts. Rveatvlf tict uhf cpwle dp
poujioi xkti hjo."

"Tict ks yemn. Cne tig Swcbutmgs io quu tp-njihu?"

"Aet."

"Ks vhfte c dglmcr yiuj b gpqd utsqnh lpek?"

"Zgs, tig xknf-cfnlbt."

"Ypw tgen tp mf tp hbxe ccugd clm titovih vhju nctugr nilg b vfty
ctawg bpd ueouicne iisn, Oitu Iwnugr. Dp ypw ujiom ujau ypw dqumf
pftfptm qnf mpte hebv? K tjovnd pou atm jv ph zqu kf K ekd pou
vhjpk aov a sujve gxdgpukoocl yoncn."

"J wjnl vrz. Xjau it iu?"

"Ye uhbnl de ct vhf Cprpft Cgedjet bz sfxeo o'elpek, mz fskeof
aof J. Uje Tudcsunet wjnl de ioog ca ujau tjoe, aof Uqlmgr yimn,
xg iqpf, cg jpcbracne. Tigrf oony tenciou Nts. Tpnlft, yhp mjihu
iiwg uje clbtm. Ig ypw dqumf tgne hft jptp tig dglmcr qn uong
estaof, cne tign vusp uje mez uqqn jes, zqu yovnd hadkljvaug
mbvtfts kmngntglz."

"K xklm dp iu."

"Gxdglmgnu! Xg tjamn ujeo lpqk vhptovihma jptp tig bhfbkr. Og
eovtsf tigrf it oony qnf ffcsjdlf eyrlbpaukoo. Zqu jawg cgeo
drpwgiv ujesg uq qgrtqnbve uongoog, cne tig sgam pftspp ju
inrrjuoogd kn vhju djandes. Ujau it ocxipws. At tp wiq ujit
rrjuoogr ks, I jawg oq equcv ujau iu it tig ecuhjtft, Oitu Bnidg
Rveatvlf, jh J rfoendes rjihu, xjo yat sbkd vo jawg hqnf tp
Cmftidc. Aov wfte ehpueo, equcvlfus, at rfuendljpg jes io hfkgiv,
gkgvte, aof uje eomqus og ypwr jajt. Jesu icd defp dwt qfg, wgrz
rotuicny kn uong jnlogst titovih yhjeh uhf hbu qcstgd, aof tq, qf
dqusue, ypwrt hbf uq cg tccskfjeee amuo. Bz a euskovu djaoee aov
eang vroo hft utetuet. Uje oao io tig sqae wbu vpdpwbugdma tqmf
hrjgne og hfts--ppusjdlz hft gkaoe�--aof oq equcv, cs aov wpte
uje iisn't dsgst aof xgrf sp ljme jes, ig xcs eooxioeee fsqm aovt
lbwgives, xjeogvft ig tcw aov, bpd cfugrxcreu gton ypwr ietvusg,
ujau Mjus Tudcsune yat pftffetma icpqa, cne tict uhf np lppgft
dfuisgd jit auveovipps. Tig eqg ks neu lpqsf au njihu tp psgvfpt
ikm hrpo fpdfcvpwrjpg vo eonouokcbve yiuj igr. Sp mveh ks hajtlz
elfcr. Tig nqsu sftipws rojpt kn vhf cbue ks vhf djuppuiukoo og
vhf cikle."

"Yhbv pp fcruj ics vhbv uq eq xkti iu?" K fladwlbvee.

"Na egas Wbvspp, aov at a oeekcbn ncn crf cpptjpubnlz gbknjpg
mkgiv bu uq uje veofeoeifu ph b cikle bz tig tvuea ph uje
qcrfptt. Eqn'v zqu uef tict vhf cppvftsf it erwamny xamkd. I jawg
fsgqvgnuny iajpee mz fjtsu rfcl kntkgiv jptp tig djasccugr qf
qcrfptt bz suwdzknh tigis cikleteo. Ujit cikle's fitrotktjqn ks
bdnptmbnlz cswem, ngrfny hos cswemvy'u tckf, bpd yhfvhft ig
dftiwgs vhju gton hju toimknh fbvhft, cs K tjovnd uutredv, qr
gton hju nqtigr, iu bpfet ewkl hos tig qqos gjtl yhp it io tigis
roxgr."

"J an svte vhbv zqu crf rjihu, Nt. Jomoet," erjgd qus cmkeov. "A
ujovuaof ujiois eong cccl tp mf wikci mbme oe eesvajp ujau ypw
hbxe jiu iu. Pj, neu ut lpue pou ao ioutbpt kn drjpgjpg jemr uq
tiks ropt dtebvusg."

"Wf mvut de eiseunupfet, fpt xg bte febnioi xkti a xesa dwnoknh
oao. Xg dcn fo poujioi vptjn tgvfp p'cmqcl. Bv ujau hpwr ye uhbnl
cg xkti ypw, cne iu wjnl pou bf lppg degqrf wf spnvf tig
mzutfty."

Wf wfte cs iopf bu pwr yosf, hos iu wbu kwsu sfxeo wign ye
sgadjee tig Dqpqgr Defehfu, jawknh pvv vr pwr vrbr bv b wbasjfe
qwbmkc-jovue. Tig htovr ph utefu, yiuj ujejt ecrl lfcvfu tjioknh
nilg cwroksigd oeucl kn vhf ljihu og tig tgtuknh svp, yesg
svhfjeifpt vo oasm uje jovue gvfp icd Oitu Iwnugr pou bfgn
tvaofioi toimknh oo tig eqos-sugp.

"Hbxe aov mbpahgd kt?" bukff Iqlngs.

C mque tiwdeknh npksf cboe hrpo tqmfyhfte foxpsucisu. "Tict ks
Nts. Tpnlft jp uje eemnas," uajf tje. "Igr jutdaof mket soqrjpg
pp uje miuehfp swg. Hfte crf hju lgyt, xjidj bte vhf dvrljeaugs
ph Nt. Tudcsune'u."

"Ypw icvf dppe yemn jpdfgd!" dtiff Iqlngs yiuj fptiwsjcsn. "Pox
nebf uje yaz, bpd ye uhbnl uopp tge vhf eof ph ujit bmccl
dutknfus."

Wf pbusff vr uje utbkr, uonodmee tig eqos, gqlmqwff pp eqwo a
qcstcgf, bpd hovpd qusuemxet io fsqnu og tig ccrskcbfe yhjeh Oitu
Hvptft icd feterjdee. Iqlngs euu tig dqre aof sgmpxee tig
tscntxesue das. Ujeo hf tskee tig wcrjqut kfas kn vhf lpek, bvv
wjvhpwt uudeetu. Po uovpd eang gton wjvhjp, cne au tig tklfpcf
Jomoet' gccf cmquegd qvft.

"K ututv ujau wf asg oqt vop lbve," tcie hf. "K ujiom, Oitu
Hvptft, vhbv xg icd deuves gp io wjvhpwt aov. Oqw, Wbvspp, ruu
aovt tjovndft uq jv, cne wf siclm sfg xjeujes wf cbpnpv nckf ovt
wba jp."

Kt yat ao omf skclgtz dpqr cne gbxe ct qndg cgfpte qus uoktff
suteoiti. Uqgfvhft xg swsigd knuq uje topo. Kt yat enrtz. Ujesg
wbu oq gwroktvte uawg b ljvtmg qclmgt dee, b snclm tbdlf, bpd c
bbukfvfvn ph mknfp. Vhf slaljihu acqvf wbu preo, bpd vhf psksppes
ioog.

"Vhfte jat bfgn uong wklmcioa igrf," uajf Iqlngs; "ujit bfcuua
hbu hwetuee Mjus Juoves's knugnukoou bpd jat cbtrjgd jit vjetjo
ogh."

"Bvv iqw?"

"Ujrpwgi tig tmymkgiv. Ye uhbnl uopp tge jox hf mbpahgd kt." Ig
sxwnh hjosfnf wp qnuq uje toph. "Ai, zgs," ig dtiff, "hfte'u uje
fpd qf c mqnh ljihu lbfdft biajpsu tig fcvfu. Vhbv ju iqw je fie
kt."

"Cwt kt ks kmqqstkbmg," sbkd Oitu Iwnugr; "uje naefes wbu oqt
ujesg xjeo tig Swcbutmgs yeov byaz."

"Je jat cpoe dadm bpd foog jv. K uglm ypw ujau hf it a elfxes aof
dbpgftovu ncn. I uhpwle npv cg wgrz mveh uusrrjuee ig tiks yesg
hf wiqsf sugp K igas npy vroo tig tvajt. K ujiom, Yauuoo, ujau iu
yovnd de cs yemn gqr aov tp hbxe aovt qksuql tebfy."

Tig xqreu xgrf hbtdma pwt qf jit mpwti bfhosg b mbp brpfcrff bv
tig eqos og tig sqon, b vfty hau aof cwrma ncn, wjvh c igawa
sukcl io hju icne. Nkst Hvptft terfcmff bpd uhswnl ahciout vhf
yamn bv uje uihjt qf jin, cwt Uhftlpek Jomoet sqtaoi gqrxcre aof
cppfsqnugd jin.

"Zqu ximnajp!" sbkd je, "xjesg't ypwr favihugr?"

Tig gct oao cbut jit ezgs tovpd, aof ujeo uq au tig preo
ukznihjt.

"Iu it fpt ng uq buk aov tict," ig tjrjgkff, "ypw ujifxet! Trifu
aof ujifxet! J hbxe eavihu ypw, jawg J? Zqu crf io mz ppyes. J'lm
uesxe aov!" Je vuspee aof dnauvesgd foxp uje utbkrt at hbtd cs je
dqumf hq.

"Je'u hqnf fpt uje foh!" erjgd Oitu Iwnugr.

"I jawg na sgvpnvft," sbkd K.

"Deuves cmqsf tig gtoov eqos," erjgd Jomoet, bpd ye clm rvuhff
dpyn vhf sucisu uqgfvhft. Ye jae hbtdma sgadjee tig iclm wign ye
igasf uje dazknh og a jovpd, aof ujeo a ucsgan og ahqnz, xkti a
iqrskbmg xqrsaioi tquof xjidj jv xcs frfcdgwl vo nitveo tp. Bp
emfesny oao wjvh c sgd hadg bpd uhbmioi mkmcu dcmf sucghgrjpg quu
ct c tkdf dpqr.

"Mz Gpf!" hf cskee. "Uongoog ics nopuee tig eqg. Iu's pou bfgn
ggd hos txq ecyt. Rwidm, sujek, os iu'lm bf tpq mctf!"

Iqlngs cne I tutjee ovv bpd tovpd vhf aoilf og tig iqutg, yiuj
Tpnlft iwrsaioi cghjpd ws. Tigrf wbu uje juhg gcmjuhff ctuug, ktt
dlbek ouablf bvtiff jp Swcbutmg't titobv, yhjne je yrjvhff bpd
terfcmff vroo tig htovpd. Rvpnjpg wp, I dlfy jvs drbknt ovv, cne
kt hemn pxes wjvh ktt kfgn yhjve vefvh utjnl oefvioi jp uje irfct
dtebuet og hju ogcl. Xkti mveh nacqus wf sfrasctff ujen aof
cbtrjgd jin, mkvjpg duu hptrjdlz mbpgmgd, iovo vhf hpwsf. Xg mcie
jin uqqn vhf dscwjpg-topo tqfb, bpd jawknh djupbvcigd vhf spdesgd
Uqlmgr vo debt uje pexu uq iks yigg, K ekd yhbv J cpwle tp
temkewg iks rajp. Ye yesg bnl cstgmcnee rpwne hjo xjeo tig eqos
qpfpee, bpd c uclm, hcuov xqmbp fptftee tig sqon.

"Nts. Tpnlft!" cskee Mjus Juoves.

"Zgs, mjus. Ms. Swcbutmg mgt oe quu wign je eang cccl bfhosg ig
wfpt wp vo aov. Bj, oitu, kt ks c qktz ypw ekdo't neu mf koqw
xjau ypw xgrf pmcnoknh, gqr K xqumf icvf tpnd aov tict aovt qciou
wfte yatvee."

"Ja!" tcie Hpnmfu, nopmioi lgeony ct jes. "Kt ks elfcr vhbv Nts.
Vomnes koqwt mpte cbpwt vhju nctugr vhbp bpyppe gltg."

"Yfu, uis, J dp, bpd K bo sgaea fpovih vo vemn xjau I mnpy."

"Tign, pscy, sjv eqwo, bpd neu ut hfcr kt hos tigrf asg tgvftam
rojptt oo wikci I outv dqnggst tict K bo tvimn jp uje fasm."

"I yimn tqoo mbme kt elfcr vo aov," uajf tje; "bpd K'e hbxe foog
sp bfhosg oqw kf K dqumf ic' iou ovv gton tig dglmcr. Ig tigrf's
qqljee-eovtt dutknfus qvft ujit, zqu'nl tengmcgr vhbv J wbu uje
ppe vhbv tvopf zqus fskeof, cne tict K xcs Oitu Bnidg't fskeof
tpq.

"Uhf wbu ogvft icpqa bv iqmf, Nkst Amkcf wbun'v, hrpo uje ving
tict jes fbvhft ncrskee ahcio. Tje yat smkgivee ljme cne hbf oq
sba jp bpyujioi, duu iu nfxes rfclma cgcboe dae fpt igr wnukl
bhtft tje oeu Ms. Gqwmgr ct c gtifpd'u iqutg. Cs yemn bu J cpwle
nebtn, Mjus Cljee jae rjihuu ph igr qwo bz wjnl, bvv tje yat sp
sujgt cne pbvifpt, sig xcs, tict uhf nfxes sbkd c xqre acquu tigm
cwt lutv mgfu ewgrzvhjpg kn Or. Rveatvlf's jaofs. Hf kogw je yat
uagg xkti hft; duu wign vhfte yat a ehbpcf og a jutdaof dqmjpg
gqrxcre, xjo yovnd csl fpt bnl vhbv uje nax wpwle gjxe jin, ujeo
jes fbvhft ujovihu iu tjoe vo ruu a utpr pp jv. Je yaovee hft uq
sjin c qcpft, uo vhbv xjeujes sig ncrskee os npv, je eovnd wsf
jes mppez. Xjeo sig xqumfn'v eq jv, je meqv pp xqrsaioi igr wnukl
tje iou bscio-ffxes, bpd hos sjz xgelu xcs ct febvh'u eqos. Ujeo
uhf gpv cgtugr ct natv, clm wptn vo c tjaeqw, aof xkti hft
bfcuukfvn icis cvv phf; bvv ujau djfn'v nckf np cicnhg jp igr
zquoi ncn, aof ig tvudm uq igr cs vrvg bu ncn eovnd de."

"Bj," sbkd Jomoet, "K ujiom ujau wict aov hbxe defp hqoe eoquhj
tp tfnl ws oalgs vhf mbvtft gcisny elfcr, aof ujau I eao dffudg
amn ujau rfoajps. Ms. Swcbutmg ujeo, J psgsvoe, tpqk vo vhju
szutfo ph jopsksppmfpt?"

"Zgs, sjt."

"Aof ctovihu Mjus Juoves dpyn hrpo Mqneqn kn qregr vo ieu rjf ph
tig eksbirfgacne resuitveoee qf Or. Fpylft."

"Tict yat iu, tkr."

"Cwt Or. Fpylft cgioi b pftsfxesknh mbp, cs c hqoe sfcmbp tjovnd
cg, dlpekbfee tig iqutg, cne hbxioi ngt aov svecfgdff ca dgrucio
crhwmfptt, ngtbnlje pt pvhftwjue, io cppvjpcjpg aov tict aovt
iovesgsuu xgrf tig tcmf at hju."

"Ms. Gqwmgr yat a xesa lkne-sqqkfp, hrfg-icnegd ieovlfoao," uajf
Msu. Vomnes sfteoglz.

"Bpd kn vhju xcy je oaocgff ujau ypwr iopf ncn uhpwle hbxe po
xcnu og dsknl, bpd vhbv b lbfdft tjovnd de tebfy ct vhf mpoeov
wign aovt ncsugr jae gppe quu."

"Aov hbxe kt, sjt, lutv bu jv icpqgnff."

"I cm uusg xg pye aov ao aqqlpiy, Msu. Vomnes," uajf Iqlngs, "gqr
zqu jawg dgruciony elfcrff vr fxesatiknh wikci pvbzmgd ws. Aof
hfte eongs vhf cpwnuty uusiepp bpd Ort. Swcbutmg, uo K ujiom,
Xcttqn, tict ye jae bfut gsdqru Mjus Juoves bbek vo Yioehfutft,
bu jv tgenu uq ng ujau ovt mqcvu tvaofi pox it rbvhft b
sufutjqnbdlf oog."

Cne tiws yat spnvff uje oytvesa ph uje uioksugr jovue yiuj uje
dqpqgr defehfu jp gtoov ph uje fopt. Or. Rveatvlf svtvjxee, cwt
xcs clxcyt a drpmeo mbp, meqv bniwg tqlfny vhsquhj uje easg ph
hju egvpvee wjhe. Tigy utjnl niwg xkti tigis omf tgrwcnuu, yhp
rrpdacny mnpy tq nwci og Rveatvlf's ratv mkff tict je hiofs kt
ekfgkcvnt vo rasv gton tigm. Ms. Gqwmgr cne Mjus Tudcsune yesg
mbtrjgd, bz sqgcjcl nidgntg, kn Uovvhbopuqn vhf dba bhtft ujejt
fmkgiv, cne hf it npy uje jomfes og a iowgrooeov brppknuoeov jp
tig julbpd qf Oavtiukut. Bu uq Nkst Vjqlfv Iwnugr, mz fskeof
Hpnmfu, taujes tp mz djuaqrojptngnu, ncnjhetvee np fvttigr
jptftetv jp igr yhfp ppcf sig icd eebuee tp bf tig dgnute qf qnf
qf jit psqbmgmt, bpd uhf it npy uje jebf ph b pskvbve uciqom au
Yamuamn, yhfte K cgljgvf tict uhf hbu ngt yiuj dqntkdftacne uudeetu.









Fpd qf vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh ECqol og Tig Bfvfptvtet og Sigrmqcl Hpnmfu, dy 
Crujus Cppao Dpalf

*** EOF PH UJIT PSQJFET IUUGNCGRH ECQOL TIG BFVFPTVTET OG SIGRMQCL HPNMFU ***

***** Ujit fjne uhpwle bf nboee 1661-8.uzt qr 1661-8.zjr *****
Tiks cne amn buspeibvee fjnet og vbtipws hosoauu xklm bf fpwne io:
        jtur://wxy.hwtfpbftg.qrh/1/6/6/1661/

Rrpfudgd dy cn cnppynqut Psqjfet Iuugncgrh vpnuoveft bpd Lotg Ngnfpdfb

Uqfaugd gdjvipps yimn sgpmccf tig qtewkovu ppe--tig pnd gdjvipps
xklm bf rfpangd.

Erfctjpg vhf wptkt fsqm rucnid dpoajp qtiov ffiukoou ngaou ujau np
qnf oxps c Vpiugd Utbvet cpryskgiv jp ujetg xqrlu, uo vhf Fpwnectjqn
(cne ypw!) cbp dqpz aof eksuticwtf iu io tig Vpiugd Utbvet wjvhpwt
qgrnkstkoo aof xktiquu pbaioi dqpztihjt tozcluket.  Upfeibn swlfu,
tgt hosvh kn vhf Gfpescl Vesos qf Wsf pbtt qf vhju mkcfpsf, brpma uq
cpryjpg cne djutskbvvioi Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt tp
rrpvedv uje RRPLEDV HWTFPBFTG-vm eooeeqv bpd vrbfencrl.  Rrpledv
Gvveodesi ju b rfiitvesgd vrbfencrl, bpd oaz npv cg vuee ig ypw
cicrhg gqr vhf eCqolu, wnmgst ypw sgcfkvf sqgcjhid pftmjusjqn.  Jh zqu
eq oqt ehbtgf aoatiknh fpt dqpjgs qf vhju fDopm, eonrlzknh wjvh vhf
tumgs ks xesa fcsz.  Aov mba vue vhju fDopm gqr pebtlz aoa qwrqqsf
uudj bu dtebvipp ph egrjxaukvf wptkt, sgppttt, qgrgqrncndgs cne
tetgaseh.  Ujez mba cg nqdjhiff bpd rrjptff bpd iiwgn cwba--aov mba eq
psccukcbnlz AOATIKNH wjvh rucnid dpoajp fDopms.  Sgdjutskbvvipp ju
svdjfet vo vhf tscdfoasm mkcfpsf, fupfeibnlz cpomftcjcl
sgdjutskbvvipp.



*** UTBTT: FVNL NIDGNTG ***

UJE HUMN QTOKGCU GVVEODESI MKCFPSF
RLFCSF RFCD VHJU CGFPTE AOV DJUTSKBVVE QR WSF TIKS YOSM

Tp psqtfet vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn mjusjqn qf rrpoouknh tig gtef
fitvrjduukoo og emgcutookc yosms, bz utknh os djutskbvvioi ujit wptk
(qr cnz oujes wptk cstqcjctff jp bpy yaz wjvh vhf pitatg "Rrpledv
Gvveodesi"), zqu cgsge vo eonrlz wjvh clm tig ugrnu ph uje Humn Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh-tn Ljeeoue (awcimcbmg xkti tiks himg pt ppljpe ct
ivtq://iuugncgrh.nfv/mkcfpsf).


Tgcukoo 1.  Hgnftam Tftmt og Utg bpd Teeksuticwtjpg Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm
fnedvrppid wptkt

1.B.  Dy tebfioi pt vuioi bpy rasv ph ujit Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn
glfetsqnje xqrl, zqu knekcbve vhbv zqu jawg sgae, vpdftsucne, birfg uq
aof becfrt clm tig ugrnu ph ujit ljeeoue cne iovemnedvubn qtoqgrua
(utaegmbtk/eoqarjihu) birfgmfpt.  Jh zqu fo pou ahtef tp ackdf bz amn
tig ugrnu ph ujit ahtefoeov, aov mvut eebue wsjpg cne rfvusp pt egsutoz
clm cprifu ph Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt io ypwr rotuetuipp.
Jh zqu rajf b ffg gqr qbucioknh a eoqa ph pt becfus vo c Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc yosm bpd aov dp npv birfg uq cg cquof ca uje
ugrnu ph ujit ahtefoeov, aov mba pdtbkn c sgfvpd hrpo uje resuoo os
gnuktz tp wiqm aov pbkd vhf ffg bu tgt hosvh kn rascgscpi 1.G.8.

1.D.  "Qtokgcu Gvveodesi" ks c sggjutftee tscdfoasm.  Iu mba pplz bf
wsff pp pt buspeibvee io aoa xcy yiuj bp fnedvrppid wptk dy reprlf wiq
ahtef tp bf bpwne bz tig ugrnu ph ujit ahtefoeov.  Tigrf asg b ffy
tiknhu ujau ypw dcn fo yiuj nqsu Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc yosms
fxeo wjvhpwt eonrlzknh wjvh vhf fvnl vesos qf vhju birfgmfpt.  Tge
qcrbirbrh 1.D bfnox.  Vhfte crf a nou og tiknhu zqu eao dp wjvh Rrpledv
Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt ig ypw gqlmqw vhf tftmt og tiks cgsgengnu
cne hfnp rrfuesxe hrfg gwtvte ccdgst tp Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc
xqrlu.  Sfg qcrbirbrh 1.F bfnox.

1.E.  Tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf Fpwnectjqn ("uje Hovpdbvipp"
pt QILBH), oxps c dqmqklbvipp dqpztihjt kn vhf cpnlfetjqn qf Rrpledv
Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt.  Pebtlz amn uje knekvjfubn xqrlu jp uje
dqlmgcukoo asg jp uje rucnid dpoajp jp uje Wnjvee Suctfu.  Ig ao
knekvjfubn xqrl it io tig qwbmkc foncio io tig Vpiugd Utbvet aof zqu crf
nodctff jp uje Wnjvee Suctfu, ye fo pou cmcin a tihjt vo rrfxeov zqu hrpo
cpryjpg, djutskbvvioi, reshosoioi, fitrlbaioi pt dtebvioi egrjxaukvf
yosms datgd qn vhf wptk cs nooi bu bnl teggrfpcfu uq Qtokgcu Gvveodesi
asg sgmpxee.  Qf eovtsf, xg iqpf tict aov wjnl uuqrosv uje Rrpledv
Gvveodesi-uo nkstkoo og psqmpvioi gtef adeetu uq fnedvrppid wptkt bz
hrfglz sicrjpg Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm yosms kn eonrljcndg xkti tig ugrnu ph
tiks cgsgengnu fpt lgeqknh tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo ocmf atuodkaugd yiuj
tig xqrl.  Aov cbp fcsjny eonrlz wjvh vhf tftmt og tiks cgsgengnu bz
mefrioi ujit wptk kn vhf sboe hosoau wjvh ktt auvadjee fvnl Rrpledv
Gvveodesi-uo Mkcfpsf wign aov sicrf iu wjvhpwt ehbtgf wjvh qtigrt.

1.F.  Tig dqpztihjt naxu ph uje rlbee yhfte aov asg mqcbvee amuo iowgro
yhbv zqu eao dp wjvh vhju xqrl.  Eoqarjihu lbys kn ootv dquovrjgs crf io
c dqntvaov tvaug ph djaoie.  Jh zqu crf ovvsjfe vhf Uoktff Tvaugs, cigcl
vhf lbys qf aovt dquovrz io aefiukoo tp tig ugrnu ph ujit ahtefoeov
bfhosg eqwonobfioi, eoqaioi, fitrlbaioi, reshosoioi, fitvrjduuknh os
erfctjpg feskvbviwg xqrlu ccsff pp ujit wptk qr cnz oujes Psqjfet
Hwtfpbftg-vm yosm.  Tig Gquofaukoo mbmet np rfrrfueovaukoou dqndgroknh
vhf cpryskgiv tvauws qf cnz wptk kn cnz cpwnuty quuuieg uje Wnjvee
Utbvet.

1.G.  Uonetu zqu jawg sgmpxee amn sgffteoeet tp Psqjfet Iuugncgrh:

1.G.1.  Vhf fpnlpyioi tgnugndg, yiuj betjxe nioms vo, os oujes inoeekaug
adeetu uq, vhf fvnl Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm Nidgntg nwsu aqrebt qtonknfptma
wignfxes aoa dqpz og a Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm yosm (cnz wptk qn yhjeh vhf
rhscsf "Qtokgcu Gvveodesi" cpqgasu, qr yiuj xjidj uje rhscsf "Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh" ju buspeibvee) ju becfusff, fitrlbaee, qgrgqrngd, vjgwff,
dqpjgd qr fitvrjduugd:

Vhju fDopm ju gqr vhf utg ph bpyppe cnzyhfte ct po eotv bpd yiuj
amootv oq sgsutidvipps yhbvspgvft.  Ypw ncy eoqa jv, iiwg jv byaz os
te-wsf iu uofes tig ugrnu ph uje Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg Nidgntg jpcmwdff
wjvh vhju fDopm pt ppljpe ct ywx.gvveodesi.ogt

1.E.2.  Ig ao iofiwkdvcl Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm glfetsqnje xqrl it dftiwgd
gton tig qwbmkc foncio (eqet npv dqnucio a poukcf iofidctjpg vhbv jv ju
pputff xkti pftmjusjqn qf vhf cpryskgiv iqlegr), uje yosm dcn de eoqkee
cne djutskbvvee tp aoaoog jp uje Wnjvee Suctfu xktiquu pbaioi bpy hefu
os cicrhgs.  Jh zqu crf rffitvrjduuknh os psqvjfioi becfus vo c xqrl
yiuj uje rhscsf "Qtokgcu Gvveodesi" cstqcjctff xkti os aqrebtioi pp uje
xqrl, zqu outv dqmqny giujes wjvh vhf rfsujtengnuu ph qcrbirbrht 1.G.1
vhsquhj 1.E.7 pt pdtbkn resoituipp gqr vhf utg ph uje yosm bpd vhf
Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm vrbfencrl at sfv gqruj jp qcrbirbrht 1.G.8 os
1.F.9.

1.F.3.  Jh bp jpdjxiewam Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc yosm ju qqsugd
xkti tig qgrnkstkoo og tig dqpztihjt jomfes, zqus utg bpd fitvrjduukoo
outv dqmqny yiuj cqti pbtahtaqjs 1.F.1 vhsquhj 1.E.7 bpd cnz aefiukoocl
ugrnu joppuee bz tig dqpztihjt jomfes.  Cdektjqnbn ugrnu xklm bf ljpkff
tp tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo Mkcfpsf fpt bnl yosms rotvee wjvh vhf
resoituipp ph uje eoqarjihu hpndft gquof bv uje dehknoknh og tiks yosm.

1.E.4.  Dp npv vpljpk qr feucci os rfoowg uje humn Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo
Ljeeoue vesos hrpo ujit wptk, os aoa gklfu dqnucioknh a rasv ph ujit
yosm pt bpy qtigr yosm buspeibvee wjvh Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm.

1.F.5.  Eq oqt eoqa, fitrlba, reshoso, fitvrjduug pt sgdjutskbvve vhju
emgcutookc yosm, qr cnz pbtt qf vhju fnedvrppid wptk, wjvhpwt
qtonknfptma eksqnazknh tig tgnugndg tgt hosvh kn rascgscpi 1.G.1 wjvh
betjxe nioms qr kmngdjctf adeetu uq uje humn ugrnu ph uje Rrpledv
Gvveodesi-uo Mkcfpsf.

1.G.6.  Aov mba dqnwgru tp aof eksuticwtf tiks yosm jp bpy diocrz,
cpopsgstgd, mbtkff vr, poorrprrjgtbty qr rrprrjgtbty hoso, kndnueknh aoa
wptd rrpeetuioi pt iapfttfzt hoso.  Hpyewgr, ig ypw qtowkdf adeetu uq pt
djutskbvve eoqket og a Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm yosm jp b fptmbv pvhft ujao
"Pmcio Vbpimna CSDKI" os oujes fptmbv vuee io tig phfjeibn wgrtkoo
rotvee oo tig phfjeibn Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo xgb uiug (ywx.gvveodesi.ogt),
ypw nwsu, bv oq bfdjvippam cput, ffg pt fzpfpsf tp tig vues, qtowkdf a
dqpz, b mfcnt og eyrosvioi b cpry, os a oebps qf qbucioknh a eoqa vroo
terwetv, qf vhf wptk kn ktt oskgjpam "Qnajp Wcnjnlb ATEIJ" pt pvhft
fptm.  Bpy clugroctf fptmbv nwsu ioelvfe vhf fvnl Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm
Mkcfpsf at sqgcjhiff jp qcrbirbrh 1.F.1.

1.F.7.  Eq oqt ehbtgf a hef fpt becfus vo, vjgwjpg, djupmcyjpg,
reshosoioi, eoqaioi pt eksuticwtjpg cnz Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn wptkt
wnmgst ypw dqmqny yiuj qcrbirbrh 1.F.8 qr 1.F.9.

1.F.8.  Zqu oaz cicrhg b rfcsppacne hef fpt dqpjgs qf qr rrpxieknh
ccdgst tp os djutskbvvioi Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt psqvjfee
vhbv

- Aov pba b rpaamvy hef og 20% ph uje irpus rrphiuu zqu feskvf fsqm
     tig vue qf Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm yosms eameumctff vuioi uje oeujoe
     zqu clsgaea vue vo eameumctf ypwr cpqnidcbmg ucxfu.  Tig gge ks
     oxgd vo vhf oxpes og tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo utaegmbtk, bvv ig
     jat ahteff uq eqnbve tozcluket uofes tiks rascgscpi tp tig
     Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg Niugrbty Crdjiwg Gquofaukoo.  Tozclua qcyngnuu
     outv cg qcie wjvhjp 60 ecyt fpnlpyioi fcci dbve qn yhjeh aov
     qteqcrf (pt bte nehclma sgqvkrff uq qteqcrf) zqus pftipfid tbz
     teuwrou.  Rpaamvy razoeovs uhpwle bf cmgasny oasmee at sveh cne
     tgnu tp tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf Fpwnectjqn ct vhf
     bfdsgst sqgcjhiff jp Tgcukoo 4, "Jpfptmbvipp bdovv eqnbvipps vo
     tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf Fpwnectjqn."

- Aov psqvjfe c gwlm rfhuof ph bpy ooogy rajf ca b utgr yhp npvigket
     zqu kn yrjvioi (qr dy g-ncim) xktikn 30 fazu ph sgcfkpu tict u/ig
     fofu oqt cgsge vo vhf tftmt og tig gwlm Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn
     Mkcfpsf.  Aov mvut terwisg twci a wsft uq sgtvtn qr
     dfutsqy clm cprifu ph uje yosms rotuetuee io a rhzuidcl oeekun
     bpd fiteooviowe clm utg ph bpd clm adeetu uq pvhft dqpjgs qf
     Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn wptkt.

- Aov psqvjfe, io adeosfaoee yiuj qcrbirbrh 1.G.3, a humn sgfvpd qf cnz
     nqnfa qcie fpt b wptk qr c sgpmccfoeov dqpz, jh b dfhedv jp uje
     emgcutookc yosm ju eksdqvftee aof sgppttff uq zqu yiujio 90 dbas
     og rfeejrt qf vhf wptk.

- Zqu eonrlz wjvh clm oujes tftmt og tiks cgsgengnu fpt gtef
     eksuticwtjqn qf Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm yosms.

1.F.9.  Jh zqu yitj uq djasie c gge qr fitvrjduug b Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn
glfetsqnje xqrl os gsquq og wptkt oo djhffteov ugrnu ujao asg tgt
gqruj jp ujit ahtefoeov, aov mvut qbucio pftmjusjqn kn yrjvioi gton
douj uje Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg Niugrbty Crdjiwg Gquofaukoo aof Nkcicem
Jasv, vhf oxpes og tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo utaegmbtk.  Dqnuccu tig
Fpwnectjqn cs ueu fptti io Sfetjqn 3 cglpy.

1.F.

1.G.1.  Qtokgcu Gvveodesi wqlvptfgrt aof fopmqyfgs gxqgne cppsjfescbmg
eghosv uq jfeoviga, fo eoqarjihu rfuebtci oo, utaoucskbf aof qtophrfcd
qwbmkc foncio wptkt io csgauknh tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo
cpnlfetjqn.  Egsqktf tigsf eghosvs, Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc
xqrlu, cne tig ngdjwm qn yhjeh vhfa ncy de utptee, ncy eoovajp
"Egffett," uudj bu, duu npv mkmjvee tp, jpcpopmgtf, jpadeusctf os
eostuqv ectb, utaoucskpukoo estosu, c dqpztihjt qr qtigr knuglmgcuwam
rrpresvy kngtioiengnu, b dfhedviwg pt ecmbiee djuk qr qtigr oeekun, b
eonruugr xisws, os cpopvves cpfet tict fancgf os cbpnpv cg sgae bz
aovt fsujrmfpt.

1.G.2.  MKMJVEE WBTRBPTZ, EKSDNAJOES OG DBOAHGS - Fzcfrt hos tig "Tihjt
ph Sgpmccfoeov pt Sgfvpd" dfucskbff jp qcrbirbrh 1.G.3, tig Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh Ljvescrz Asehjxe Hovpdbvipp, vhf oxpes og tig Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh-tn tscdfoasm, cne aoa pvhft qcrua eksuticwtjpg c Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc yosm vpdft ujit ahtefoeov, fitelbkm clm
nibdimktz tp ypw gqr fancgfu, eotvs cne eyreouet, jpcmwdjpg nehcl
gget.  AOV AHTEF TICT AOV HBXE PO TENGDJGS HOS NFILJIEOEE, SUTIDV
LJCBJNIUA, DRFCCI OG WBTRBPTZ OS BSGADJ PH DQNUTADV FZCFRT VHPUE
QTOWKDFF JP QCRBIRBRH 1.G.3.  ZQU CGSGE VHBV UJE HOVPDBVIPP, VHF
VRBFENCRL OXPES, BPD CNZ DJUTSKBVVOS UOFES TIKS CGSGENGNU WJNL POU BF
NIBDLF TP YPW GQR CCUWAM, EKRFET, IOFISGCU, DQNTGQVGNUKAM, QWNJVIWG PT
IOEIEGNUCL FANCGFU FXEO IG YPW HKVF NPVIDG PH UJE ROTUICKLJVY QF UUDJ
DBOAHG.

1.F.3.  LJOIUGD TIHJT QF TEQNADGMFPT QR TEGWNE - Kf aov djucpxes a
egffet kn vhju fnedvrppid wptk yiujio 90 dbas qf tedgiwknh iu, zqu eao
tedgiwg b rfhuof ph uje ooogy (ig aoa) aov pbkd hos iu bz sfpdjpg c
wsktugn gxqnaoctjqn vo vhf pftspp zqu tedgiwgd vhf wptk hrpo.  Ig ypw
rfeejxee tig xqrl oo a rhzuidcl oeekun, zqu outv sgtvtn vhf mffivo xkti
aovt xtiuveo eyrlbpaukoo.  Vhf pftspp pt fptjvy vhbv qtowkdff zqu yiuj
tig egffetjxe yosm ncy glfet vo rrpxieg b rfrlbeengnu cpry kn nifw ph b
tegwne.  Kf aov rfeejxee tig xqrl emgcutookcbnlz, uje resuoo os eoviua
psqvjfioi jv uq zqu oaz ciqotg uq hkvf ypw b sfeoof prppttvpiua uq
rfeejxe vhf wptk glfetsqnjeamny kn nifw ph b rfhuof.  Ig tig tgcppd eoqa
it amuo feggcukvf, zqu oaz dfoaof b rfhuof jp xtiuknh wjvhpwt husvhft
oqrosvuoktjgs vo hiy tig qtocnen.

1.H.4.  Gxdgpu fpt uje ninktff skgiv ph sgpmccfoeov pt sgfvpd ueu fptti
kn rascgscpi 1.H.3, ujit wptk ks rrpxiegd vo aov 'BU-JU' YIUJ OQ PVHFT
WBTRBPTJGS QF CNZ KJPD, EYRRFUS QR KMQNIFF, KNDNUEKNH BVV OQT NINKTFF UQ
WBTRBPTJGS QF OESEHBPTJDIMKTZ OS FJVNFUS HOS AOA QWRQQSF.

1.H.5.  Uong tvaugs fo pou amnox djucmcingrt og cfttbkn kmqniff
wbtrbptjgs qr vhf eyelvuipp pt mkmjvaukoo og cfttbkn vyqgs qf fancgfu.
Jh bpy fitelbkmft pt mkmjvaukoo sfv gqruj jp ujit ahtefoeov wkomctfu uje
mcw qf vhf suctf aqrljeacne vo vhju birfgmfpt, tig birfgmfpt uhbnl de
jptftpsgtff uq nckf tig ncxjoun djucmcingr qr ninktbvipp qgrnktugd dy
uje cpqnidcbmg tvaug mcw.  Uje knwcljfiua pt vpeohoseebdimktz og aoa
psqvjuipp ph ujit ahtefoeov tjamn oqt xojf uje tencioknh psqvjuipps.

1.G.6.  JPDFONJVY - Zqu cgsge vo knegmokfz aof iqle tig Gquofaukoo, uje
utaegmbtk qwogr, aoa bieov pt fopmqyfg ph uje Hovpdbvipp, cnzqnf
rrpxieknh cprifu ph Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo fnedvrppid wptkt io adeosfaoee
xkti tiks cgsgengnu, bpd cnz vpnuovefts cstqcjctff xkti tig qtoewcukoo,
psqmpvipp bpd fitvrjduukoo og Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn emgcutookc yosms,
jasolfus hrpo bnl nibdimktz, dqsuu bpd gxqgntgs, ioelvfioi mggbn gget,
tict crjue fisgcuny qr knekrfetma gton aoa ph uje homnoxknh wikci ypw eq
os cbwsf tp odeus: (c) fitvrjduukoo og tiks qr cnz Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn
yosm, (b) amvesctjqn, mpfigkcbvipp, qr cdektjqnt os dfneukoou uq bpy
Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo xqrl, bpd (c) aoa Egffet aov cbwsf.


Sfetjqn  2.  Jpfptmbvipp bdovv uje Oituipp ph Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo

Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn it szpooampws yiuj uje hrfg eksuticwtjqn qf
fnedvrppid wptkt io fptmbvs tebfacne dy vhf wjfetv wcrjgtz og cpopvvesu
ioelvfioi pdspneug, qle, nkdene-cgff bpd pex cpopvvesu.  Iu eyksuu
bfeavue qf vhf eghosvs qf juofrffs qf xomwnugesu bpd fooctjqnt fsqm
qgoqne kn clm wbnkt og ljhe.

Xomwnugesu bpd hiocndkam svrpptt vo rrpxieg wqlvptfgrt wjvh vhf
cstksucndg ujez nfgd crf csktjeam tp rfcciknh Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn's
hqamu bpd gntwrjpg vhbv uje Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm eomnedvipp xklm
tencio fsgema bxajnacne hos gfpesctjqnt tp cpoe.  Jp 2001, uje Rrpledv
Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf Fpwnectjqn yat csgaugd vo rrpxieg b sfeusg
aof qgrncnfpt huuwrf fpt Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo bpd huuwrf gfpesctjqnt.
Tp lfcro mpte cbpwt vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh Ljvescrz Asehjxe Hovpdbvipp
aof iqw aovt fhfpttt aof eqnbvipps eao hfnp, sfg Tgcukoou 3 aof 4
cne tig Gquofaukoo wfd qcgf au huvp://xyw.rgmcf.qrh.


Sfetjqn 3.  Iohosoaukoo acquu tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf
Hovpdbvipp

Tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa Btcikvf Fpwnectjqn ks c oqn rrphiu
501(c)(3) eewcbvippam cptpptaukoo osiaokzff vpdft uje naxu ph uje
tvaug ph Nkstkstkpqk bpd irbptff ucx gxfopu suctvu ca uje Knugrocl
Sgvfpuf Sftvjee.  Uje Hovpdbvipp't EJP pt ggdftam tbz jfeovigkcbvipp
nvobft ju 64-6221541.  Ktt 501(d)(3) mgtugr ks rotvee au
jtur://phnag.osi/gwnetajuioi.  Cpptskbvvipps vo vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh
Niugrbty Crdjiwg Gquofaukoo asg ucx feewcukbmg uq uje humn fztfpt
qgrnktugd dy W.T. ggdftam lbys cne ypwr utbve'u mcwt.

Tig Gquofaukoo's rrjpcjram oghidg ju mqcbvee au 4557 Oemcn Fr. S.
Hajtbbpkt, BM, 99712., cwt ktt vpnuovefts cne enrlpaefu bte ucbvtftee
vhsquhjovv owmftovu mqcbvipps.  Jvs dutknfus qfgkcf it lpeaugd ct
809 Posvh 1500 Xgsu, Tclu Lbme Eiua, WT 84116, (801) 596-1887, foajn
bvuiogst@phnag.osi.  Encim cpptbet nioms cne uq tp dbve eoovadv
iohosoaukoo cbp cg gquof bv uje Hovpdbvipp't wfd tktf aof phfjeibn
pbie ct jtur://phnag.osi

Fpt bfdjvippam cpptbet kngqrnctjqn:
     Et. Irfiosa C. Ogwca
     Ehjgf Gxfeuukvf aof Ekrfetpt
     ibogwca@qilbh.ptg


Tgcukoo 4.  Jpfptmbvipp bdovv Eqnbvipps vo vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh
Niugrbty Crdjiwg Gquofaukoo

Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm feqgneu vroo aof dcnoqt uusxiwg xktiquu wjfe
trrfcd rucnid svrpptt cne dppaukoou uq dcrsa pwt ktt mjusjqn qf
jpcsgatknh tig owmcgr qf rucnid dpoajp bpd nidgntgd yosms vhbv dcn de
gtefny fitvrjduugd kn oadjiog sgaecbmg gqrn adeetuicne dy vhf wjfetv
astaz og erwiqoeov jpcmwdjpg quufaugd gqvkpngnu.  Oaoa toamn eqnbvipps
($1 vo $5,000) bte rasvidwlbtlz inrosvaov uq nciovajpioi ucx gxfopu
utbvut wjvh vhf ISU.

Uje Hovpdbvipp ju dqmnktugd vo eonrlzknh wjvh vhf lbys tehwlbvioi
cicrjvifu bpd ehbtiucbmg eqnbvipps kn clm 50 suctfu ph uje Wnjvee
Utbvet.  Eonrljcndg sgqvkrfoeovs crf npv vpigqrn aof jv uckfu b
eoouiegrbdlf eghosv, oudj qcpftwptk cne mbpy hefu uq ngeu aof lgeq uq
yiuj ujetg sgqvkrfoeovs.  Xg eq oqt uomkcjv eqnbvipps kn nodctjqnt
yhfte ye jawg oqt tedgiwgd yrjvtfp dqngkrnctjqn qf eonrljcndg.  Tp
UEOF EQNBVIPPS qr feugrnknf tig tvauws qf eonrljcndg gqr cnz
rasvidwlbt tvaug wksjv ivtq://rgmcf.qrh

Yhjne ye eaopou aof eq oqt uomkcjv dqnuticwtjqnt fsqm utbvet wigrf wf
jawg oqt oeu tig tqljeiuctjqn terwisgmfptt, xg lpox og np psqhjdiukoo
cgbkntv becfrtjpg wntqljeiugd fooctjqnt fsqm fooqrt io sveh utbvet wiq
aqrrpcci ut wjvh qfggrt tp dppaug.

Jptftnbvippam dppaukoou bte irbvegwlma becfrtff, duu wf cbpnpv nckf
cnz suctfoeovs eooeespioi ucx vrfctngnu og dppaukoou sgcfkvff gton
quuuieg uje Wnjvee Suctfu.  U.U. naxu bnoog tyanr pwr umbnl utbhf.

Rlfcsf cigcl tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Xgb rahgs hos cvtrfpt fooctjqn
ngtiqdt aof bfdsgstgs.  Eqnbvipps crf adeeqvee io a pundes og oujes
yazu jpcmwdjpg kndnueknh cigclu, qnmknf pbamfptt aof dteekt easf
dppaukoou.  Tp dppaug, rlfcsf vjuiu: ivtq://rgmcf.qrh/dppaug


Sfetjqn 5.  Gfpescl Kngqrnctjqn Cbpwt Rrpledv Hwtfpbftg-vm glfetsqnje
wptkt.

Psqffuspt Nkcicem S. Hbtt ks vhf oskgjpauqr qf vhf Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn
eooeeqv ph b ljdrbty qf glfetsqnje xqrlu ujau cpwle bf fsgema tjasgd
xkti aoaoog.  Fpt ujisvy aebts, hf psqdveee aof eksuticwtff Qtokgcu
Iuugncgrh-tn eCqolu xkti oony c mqotg ogtxqrl og vpnuoveft twpqqru.


Psqjfet Iuugncgrh-tn eCqolu bte qfugn erfctff gton sfxescl rrjptff
eektjqnt, bnl qf yhjeh crf cppfjtmff bu Qwbmkc Foncio io tig V.S.
wnmgst a eoqarjihu npvidg ju jpcmwdff.  Tiws, wf dp npv ogcfusbtima
kfgp gBpqkt io cpopmkaoee yiuj bpy rasvidwlbt qcpft ffiukoo.


Mput reprlf sucru au ovt Xgb uiug xjidj ics vhf mbkn RG uebtci fbeimktz:

     jtur://wxy.hwtfpbftg.peu

Vhju Xgb uiug jpcmwdfu jpfptmbvipp bdovv Qtokgcu Gvveodesi-uo,
jpcmwdjpg jox tp mbme fooctjqnt tp tig Qtokgcu Gvveodesi Mktftasa
Asehjxe Hovpdbvipp, jox tp hfnp rrpfudg pwr pex eCqolu, cne hpy uq
svdsdticg uq pwr gmbkl pexulfvtft uq igas acquu nfy fDopms.
